two people sitting in a movie theater, waiting for the lights to come back on

Should I say something? She is so gorgeous, and I did have my eyes on her. She has lovely eyes too soft and looks kind. What are the chances she is sitting two chairs from me! But this is a movie theater – I just can’t go over to her – in the semi darkness at that. And – she is by herself. I wonder why though. Sigh – what to do. The lights are out. Perfect reason to introduce myself and have a little chit chat. I have wanted to see this block buster for sometime and here I am finally. Oh man the reviews – fantastic. I just know an award or two is in the works. I wonder what her name is. I love her dress too – yellow suits her. I should go say something. If I go, will she be welcoming? Scary to say the least – for both of us. And what if she is open? That would mean talking – I just can’t introduce myself and leave it at that. I was so looking forward to watching this movie alone with no chatter from my friends, to destress from the hectic week. Then again it may be worth it – she is gorgeous, so poised and relaxed. Goodness! She is not looking at her phone or texting! Very admirable. I really should say something to her. But I don’t want her to think I am a creep or something. It is so frustrating that in today’s world a man has to think twice before trying to start a conversation with a beautiful woman in a semi dark theater. Wait, is she looking at me? I will be damned! 

Why is that light taking so long too come back on? I am going to say hello to her! What is the worst that can happen? Hello. I am Josh – how are you?

Oh! There is the man I noticed in the line! Should I say something? Why not? It is 2022 after all women can approach men. But this is a movie theater. And – he is by himself. I wonder why though. Sigh – what to do. The lights are out but I don’t want to look at my phone for heavens sake. I promised myself a carefree afternoon and I have been waiting for this movie to hit the theaters. I hope it lives up to the hype. We could engage in easy banter. If I approach him, would he think I am crazy? I wouldn’t blame him. Where is his girlfriend? Wife? Friends? Silly me I am here by myself, aren’t I? Well, couldn’t that be the case with him? Chances are he just wants to watch this movie by himself – just a stress free afternoon. He is so handsome, looking so confident and dapper. Black suits him too. Black shirt and khaki pants. Amazing – that is a popular combination among the male species. Us girls are lucky – we have so many choices. What are the chances we end up sitting two chairs from each other! Oh wow! He doesn’t have his phone out! So he knows how to be in the moment. Impressive! I really should say something to him. Oh dear. What if he thinks I am a fast woman who goes around chatting up strange men in movie theaters. Such a shame really that thought would enter anyone’s mind, including mine. In today’s world a girl has to really, really think before approaching a good looking guy for conversation. Well, I guess it is different if we were at a bar or party. Did he just glance at me?? I hope he didn’t see me peeping at him. Now that is hilarious. I am acting like a schoolgirl. 

Why is the light taking so long to come back on? I am going to say hello to him! What is the worst that can happen? He is strolling over. Hi Dave, I am great! My name is Theressa. 

May I? Sure – I don’t think this seat is taken. 

So Theressa do you come here often? They both laughed at the ice breaker. Well, actually Josh, I love movies and usually go with friends. Oh wow, so do I. Where are your friends today? Oh I decided to come on the spur of the moment – I just needed to lose myself in this movie that I promised myself I must see as soon as it hit the theaters. 

What a coincidence! I came without my buddies to just destress from a rather hectic week and I do want to see this movie also. I was wondering why you were alone – seems unusual. Theresa burst out laughing – you were? A smiling Josh said guilty as charged. I like your dress by the way. Thank you – yellow is my favorite color. Sunny color. Exactly. I don’t think yellow would look good on me. Peals of laughter. Josh thought her laughter is beautiful and joyous. I would like to know more about her. Theressa hugged the thought to herself – he is interesting and funny. I would like to know more about him! 

You know Josh this is the first time I am at a movie waiting for lights to come on. Me either but look how that turned out. We both meet someone new today.  If nothing else. I wonder if she heard that last part – don’t want to scare her. I heard you mister – don’t think I didn’t – Theressa said in her mind. And yes, totally agree – if nothing else.

But there is the promise of something else! That chemistry felt across one empty seat and even more sitting right beside each other.

And so it continued – chatting away as if they were long lost friends. Both, at various times, chastised themselves for wasting precious time that the non lights provided.  They spoke of the excitement, the wonderment, mystery of movies and the actors who inhabit them. They dissected each other’s favorite movies. They delved into each other’s favorite actors. Then the topic of award shows came up. I can’t believe we are talking about award shows – they thought. But it feels so natural. 

The lights came back on. Are they disappointed? Only slightly - they want to see the movie. Are they happy? Oh sure! There is the chemistry and the promise to come. Thank goodness for lights out at movie theaters. How lovely. And those friends? Wait until they hear this adventure - surely it is an adventure! How will they react? Happy to be sure. Slightly envious - oh yes. Thank goodness for movies and actors. And sunny yellow dresses. And of course movie lovers.