Opi Sphealt was a man hailed for his sheer commonness, despite a name which one would be truly forgetful to let slip the mind. 

An actor of middle America, raised on a commercial grain farm after emerging from an elusive background of poverty before the age of 15, Sphealt became a poster child for the American dream: a rags to riches tale of Hollywood glory. 

And yet something wasn't quite right with Mr. Sphealt, a peculiarity which I made my business to iron out under the guise of a shocking story assigned to a rookie journalist such as myself.

“Mr. Sphealt, I hope you don’t mind my intruding.”

I had just stepped through the colossal passageway which happened to be Mr. Sphealt’s primary doorway, an imposing carved oak entrance to Sphealt’s seaside mansion on Lake Michigan. Lining the great hall - parlors and drawing rooms on either side - were 18th century portraits of early American explorers past the Mississippi, proud in the furs and rifles that themselves hung from Sphealt’s walls. One certainly couldn’t argue against Sphealt’s dedication to a role the United States had gripped in a chokehold for a decade.

A role Opi Sphealt had just received a coveted nomination for, and had promptly refused. 

Mr. Sphealt leant against the lit fireplace, a finger of whiskey in hand. Richly-colored local rugs layered the floorboards, vintage-bound books in rows of crafted shelving, however Sphealt appeared comfortable in scratched jeans and a raggedy white t-shirt. He smiled warmly at my arrival, his extensive mustache shifting with the change and reminiscent of past styles.

“Not at all. Please sit down,” Sphealt replied, gesturing toward the plush velvet sofa to my right. We’re handed cups of coffee by a passing house worker and left to our own devices. I braced myself, setting my heavily sipped mug onto the table whilst turning ever so slightly Sphealt’s direction, grabbing my computer from the discarded tote.

“I want to preface all of this invasive questioning,” I started with a playful wince, kindly rejected by Sphealt’s soothing charisma, “by saying how honored I am to be interviewing you. I know this is a trying time, considering the press reactions, but I really appreciate it. We all do, at the paper.” 

I refrained from mentioning how some of my inquiries might seem incongruent with the task I’d been originally called here for. In any case, I didn’t think Opi Sphealt would mind some prodding which, to any unseeing eye, would merely appear context to his odd behavior. That unfortunately did little to settle my thoroughly unsettled thoughts; I could sense Sphealt was no unseeing eye, and more so a man I shouldn’t underestimate.

“I suppose I should also preface by apologizing for my appearance.” Sphealt laughed and uselessly brushed at the dirt that stained his clothing. “I’ve just got back from a hike.”

How endlessly pleased I was to hear it. Ammunition for the conversation to come, all from Mr. Sphealt’s own arsenal of surprising information. My victory swallowed, I carried onward.

“I love hiking, especially in this area.” Fidgets overtook my fingers, stumbling across the keys. “Do you hike often? Or, was hiking something you enjoyed growing up?”

A dazed, melancholic expression consumes Sphealt, shadowed by the cup to his nose.

“I did hike a lot, yes. Quite…dangerously, in fact.” A smirk glinted from the grimness. “But in all actuality, I’ve grown more fond of it since Phileas Pot.”

“Would you mind telling me a bit more about Phileas Pot? Just some details of his background for the record; we can go into how you were introduced to the character later.”

It was a miracle, actually, how transformed Opi Sphealt became with the mere mention of Phileas Pot. Shone from within, his posture fixed and eyes sparkling. Another man entirely. Or, was it, that Sphealt settled into his truest self through Pot? What an interesting notion.

“Well, Phileas Pot was a young man from the Northwest Territory in the 1790s, Indiana in modern terms. His father had heard of the promises that line the northern half of the Mississippi River and decided to move his family in search of a better opportunity, however only a week into the trip, Pot’s father died from an infected wound and Phileas became head of the household. He read the pioneer handbooks from his father’s collection and learned how to hunt, forage, build, and navigate, leading his mother and sisters halfway up the river. After sustaining a near fatal injury to his back, Phileas rushed off with a group of Dakota Sioux for treatment and never returned to his family. No one knows what happened to him, whether he died, lived, assimilated. No one knows.”

I was flabbergasted for more reasons than one. First, the sheer number of real-time edits I’d been forced to make to my notes in an attempt to translate Sphealt’s antiquated speech into contemporary phrases written on this account was a sight for sore eyes, and in and of itself an oddity for a man only 30. Second, after listening to his storytelling tact, shades of excitement, sorrow, and hope coloring his tone, I genuinely had no idea why he would resist such a coveted nomination when he so obviously deserved it.

“I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask the question everyone else has: why did you turn down the nomination? From how you just described Phileas Pot, having played him for almost ten years, beloved by nearly everyone in this country and beyond, and raised from nothing as a teenage adoptee in Iowa, I don’t know anyone else more deserving this year than you.”

Sphealt stood with a sigh, pouring himself another whiskey from an offside decanter.

“Phileas Pot was my first role, and I wouldn’t be surprised if it turned out to be my last. And living as, well through, Phileas Pot this last decade alongside my colleagues in the industry has shown how different I seem to be as an actor. You see, I’ve always seen acting as a deliberate escape, playing a character which one purposefully acts to be at least slightly distinct from one’s own conscious self. That’s the beauty of it; you’re leaving yourself for someone else, and must exhibit this level of uncomfortable control and cautiousness that should be rewarded.”

Having stared openly, confused to my core, Sphealt took mercy and answered plainly.

“Playing Phileas Pot is so natural, not at all a comprehensive task for me. I’m…being myself. Why should I be awarded for practically being filmed as I am now?”

It was at this moment that Opi Sphealt received a message from a house worker, giving his apologies to my muddled form and whisking off for a brief call with his agent. An arm raised upward to support his grasp on the cell phone, Sphealt’s t-shirt ceased to be tucked to his pants and revealed a two-inch scar below the waistline of his back, puckered and peaking through powdered ivory. As he disappeared around the corner, I walked toward the fireplace mantel, the flames’ shadows all but giving me a fright.

What was it about Opi Sphealt, this mysterious Iowan with no past? What was it about Phileas Pot, this young 18th-century American pioneer with his books and courage and family ties to the Midwest? What was it about television Phileas, his friendships with the Dakota and magical healing, so heavily influenced by Sphealt’s supposed imagination as a producer? 

Why were Opi Sphealt’s sentiments of familiarity with Phileas, his sole reason for refusing the nomination, giving me such a knotted stomach?

On the mantel, behind framed photographs of the local landscape, was a dark leather-bound book of yellowed, torn pages. I gasped at what was scrawled on the cover page:

To Phileas, from your loving Father

Ignoring my astonishment, I flipped through the scruffy papers and paused on a passage describing rudimentary wound treatment. Much of the jargon was nearly unreadable to my 21st century, anti-STEM mind, however what remained prominent was the use of alcohol as a rudimentary anesthetic and disinfectant. Particularly dark liquors. 

Particularly whiskey, which Phileas admitted in the margins to becoming dependent on after frequent use for his father and himself when being treated by the Dakota. When being treated by the Dakota…for a lower back wound, which no one knew he survived to write about.

Had Opi Sphealt found this handbook somehow, modeled his behavior off of Phileas, and helped bring Phileas to life on the big screen out of fascination? But what about the 15 missing years of his childhood, emerging from the forest coated in dirt and wearing outdated clothing? 

At the end of the book, scribbled furiously in smearing ink, were two entries by Phileas.

ENTRY 1: Something went wrong. They performed their ritual, the world blurred and misted, but I awoke surrounded by evergreens and screeching. Where am I?

ENTRY 2: I am no longer P H I L E A S  P O T

I will now be O P I  S P H E A L T

Opi Sphealt strode into the drawing room, grinning proudly.

“Your curiosity has not disappointed me.” I did not fool myself into thinking my discovery was a coincidence; at no point did Mr. Pot not plan what had occurred. 

“I think I understand now, Phileas,” I started, shaking his hand as though introduced anew. “An unfair advantage, indeed. Your old pride does you a disservice, might I say.”

“It wouldn’t be right,” he responded, shaking his head. “Give the others a chance.”

Why Phileas Pot / Opi Sphealt chose me to obtain this knowledge I’ll never know. Maybe the burden of silence was too much to bear, and maybe he perceived my past writings as the epitome of discretion and higher-likelihood belief in an impossibility. It wasn’t my business why.

“I think you’re missing something Mr. Pot.” I piqued his interest, chin lifted in a challenge. “You see, it shouldn’t be about playing Phileas, at least not to you. It’s about playing Opi. The strength of growing into this celebrity without the slightest step out of place, this character of a Midwestern role model which you have surrendered to and consciously become. This ‘someone else’ that was forced from yourself. Forget being nominated for Phileas Pot. Celebrate Opi Sphealt and accept.”

As I am writing this article now, for my own collection not to be seen by the public eye, Opi Sphealt / Phileas Pot - the 18th century involuntary time traveler turned actor - is giving an acceptance speech for his nomination turned award. He followed my advice, not that I thought myself very convincing. He talks of the importance of being oneself, or rather being the best version of oneself despite the circumstances, despite the name assigned. Only I will ever know what Opi Sphealt, the middle America man with an unusual name and unknown past, is referring to, and for that I am grateful. I am grateful to have met a most extraordinary man, one who I believe wholeheartedly is most deserving of his praise.