Through the green leaves of the shrubs there was a young girl who is sitting on the bare earth attempting to ground herself. She was building her atmosphere piece by piece knowing that this time it would be correct. This time she would re-invent herself and be special to someone, finally. That thought faded into others.

Where she was going to get the money was still a mystery, but she still had her mind and body to take and use to get a man. She didn't know that's even what she wanted, she didn't know how she got there, but A shower would be nice, maybe some clean clothes and something to eat would be even better. The extreme natural condition of her surroundings didn't bother her in the least bit.

There were two worn out sandles, one for each foot. Her feet were in good condition, but the air was cold. Regardless of the temperature, it was time to walk, she thought as she got up and started one direction from the formless terrain. The only thing that made sense were the shrubs with the green leaves. There was air to breathe, a body to use, some clothing, and some sandles for her feet.

Finally, the sparse field of shrubs led to a fence, led to a dirt road, and onto a paved road. It doesn't matter where she was. She was traveling to where the people were. The wonderful people. They will give me absolutely everything I need.

While walking on the paved road a small sedan slowed down an passed by slowly. Betty didn't put her thumb out, betty didn't ask for help, but kept walking on the shoulder as the car slowed to a stop in front of her on the shoulder.

"Are you okay mam?" ask an older lady.

"OH LORD I think I got lost!" said Betty cheerfully with a southern accent.

"Well Damn. Do you need a ride into town?"

"Absolutely do. Yes." Betty replied

"You are not a serial killer, a tweaker or a crack whore, are you?" Asked the older lady comically.

"What are the odds of two of us in the same place in the middle of nowhere?" They both laughed. It seems like everybody breaks the ice with that one.

Betty and the older lady talked for at least 2 hours on the way to the nearest town. There was no mystery, no bad vibes, no awkward moments, just passing time with one subject after the other.

Everything the older lady asked, Betty replied with a fictional story about family, career, but everything was fake. To be completely honest, Betty didn't know at all where she came from, who her family was, or what state in United States of America she was in. Nothing, but how to make others feel comfortable around her. She asked questions, smiled warmly, nodded and laughed when the old woman said something that might have been a joke. By the end of the trip an outsider would have thought that they were best friends.

She got the shower, she got the meal, she got a new T-shirt with Country-Girl "sweet tea" written on it. The old lady wanted to do something nice for Betty because they had such a nice visit in the car. The old lady seemed to bond with her and give her love like a daughter. But...

Betty was walking the earth without direction, without memory of her past, without feelings toward any people. She was able to "connect" and communicate and feel love from others but something was dreadfully wrong within her. There was a darkness inside her that will come out when least expected. Betty walked away from the store and from the old woman without closure. She just walked away down the busy street and beside the storefronts looking through the retail windows and at all the people in their own little worlds and minds. "Easy picking" smile and chuckled.

In this busy atmosphere there was no one really connecting with her. She would make eye contact with people but they would quickly look away. They are so weak.

She entered a restaurant and went to the ladies room. In there she had a look at herself. Hmm. There was a woman standing there in her middle thirties, blond hair, great body, nice face. The face doesn't seem dirty, teeth are kind of nice, a little bit of crowding on the bottom but they are okay.

Betty exited the restroom, didn't really need to use it. In a less southern but executive tone "May I please speak with a manager?" She asked.

"Sure" and the handsome male manager walked forward.

"I have some experience as a server in restaurants. I would love to work here. Are you hiring?"

"Absolutely. Please take time to fill out our application. If you have a smartphone you can complete it from that." he said warmly with his eyes darting around the room.

"Oh no! My cell phone is in the car with a dead battery and I left the wall charger in the motel last night." I would really like to start right away is there any chance I can use yours?

"No." He said hardly. Then his expression softened and continued "But we have a computer that the staff uses for online training. I will see if we can get you set up on it to complete your application from there."

"OH Thank You!" This time making a soft exclamatory, smiling head tilted and nodding very slightly and very slowly. That body language was a little strange but easily brushed off as only lasting a few seconds. She made eye contact with the handsome manger the whole time.

In a few minutes Betty was online applying for a server job in a restaurant. Every bit of the address, work history, references all came natural for her but fake, fake, fake. Was she lying? She was not. She couldn't be lying because she had no memory of anything but had everything Earnest Hemmingway of bullshit was flowing like a deep river. It didn't feel like lying, but there was no memories, but ALL the information was there. How could this be? I don't care. It is fucking fun. Betty thought to herself.

After completing the application and asking for days off when she didn't really need the days off, and asking for time off for doctor appointments when she didn't have doctor's appointments. She was keeping her application believable.

Betty was not a desperate homeless woman who didn't know where she was who woke up this morning in the middle of a dessert area and walked 5-10 miles just to find civilization. No she was not. This Betty was an absolute monster.

The manager stared at her for a few seconds and asked when she would be available to start. Betty rattled on about having to give notice to her other job, but really needed to relocate to this city right away to take care of her sister. Is there any chance she could come to orientation the next time it is offered?

The manager said that the next orientation was 8AM tomorrow.

Great. See you then.

Everything seemed so normal, but it was very far from normal.