We fell in love in the moonlight on his tree swing in June. His sister seemed happy for us. That summer, our children jived well together as we all made memories at my favorite river spot. We watched the glowing fireflies in the forest as the children lay on their backs. I lay next to my best friend. This quietness I felt was reassurance that no matter what, she will always be my friend. His mom was there too, feeling the love of being surrounded by her grandchildren and children. We watched the glow in the forest, this was their special spot. It was the happiest summer I had felt in a long time. I was amongst friends that now felt like my family. I trusted his family. Knowing them made me feel that I could trust him more than any other guy I had dated before this.

As the summer fizzled away, we made new memories in the fall. We went to our first music festival together. He eased my fears with kisses, “I love yous,” and fed me seaweed under the canopy in the evenings. We watched new artists perform on stage, enjoying the love of the moment, but also wishing our family was there to witness the magic with us as well. We came back from our trip, feeling refreshed and in love. I could not believe this was my life. We deserved this. The next week, he gave me a key to his house.  

The season turned to winter. He left his solar job to start his own business. I began to stay at his house more and more. It felt like home for us to be together. My boys and I helped fill the silent void when his children were at their mom’s house. I helped him make tree swings. He surprised me with a Christmas tree, knowing I loved Christmas. We helped each other believe that love is real. We enjoyed Christmas at his family’s house. I watched a gleam of joy in his dad’s eye as he put together his train in the formal living room. We all gathered with laughter and enjoyed the beautiful moments around the train.

In the new year, he made meals for me when I took my intensive classes at UVA. I always made sure I cleaned the kitchen spotless in gratitude. He tucked my son to bed when I could not. I made sure his kids felt seen and loved on their birthdays.

I began to teach at his city’s local homeschool collective. My children immediately made friends. I had not seen them this happy since the start of the pandemic. We planted seeds in the workshop/grow room of his house. They immediately began to prosper.

We took a trip to Charleston. We watched a giant moon rise above the water. We went kayaking with dolphins and felt connected to nature. We ate seafood by the water and giggled at scary shadows on the ceiling of the Airbnb.

As trees began to bud, we both agreed to quit smoking cigarettes cold turkey. He called me up at work in moments of weakness and rolled our joints when we needed to feel the oral fixation. We somehow managed to keep our habits when we went to visit family who smoked.

The days became even warmer. I cleaned out his old bird feeder and put in new seeds. We took our seedlings and transferred them to the garden. We purchased a book to help us learn how to communicate. We sat together on the couch every night and read what it means to have a peaceful conflict. We learned a lot about our communication styles. I am close to finishing school and building a business. We are in the process of preparing to buy a home. My credit score is great for the first time ever.

It has been almost a year. Every day we love each other more and more. I think if we get our communication styles down, we should get married. There is no one I would rather share my life with. Laughing with him every day for the rest of my life sounds like heaven.  

This sounds like a fairy tale of a first-year relationship, right? Well, it was not, these were just the highlights. We have gone through obstacle after obstacle to get to where we are today.

He had broken up with his girlfriend of three years, just a week before we began to fall for each other. We knew it was soon, but we also felt a strong pull toward one another and wanted to see what would happen. However, due to her financial circumstances, she would continue to live at his house for a month, he told me. A month was not so bad. This was not ideal, but he was worth it to me.

While we were making beautiful memories that summer, his sister was feeling left out. His Mom was angry that her daughter was sad and that we found love at the expense of the sister’s happiness. I tried to keep the connection, but I was also consumed with my new love. From my experience, I knew this would stabilize over time, but she did not feel this hopefulness.

Two months into our relationship, his ex-girlfriend was still living at his house. I began to feel shaky about our stability. I needed reassurance that he would remain faithful and that this was not too soon for us. He gave me reassurance, but I was still afraid.

The sister would tell me when we had a moment alone that he was into our other best friend first. Why would she tell me this? What if he still liked her? What if she liked him? This put a wall of insecurity up for me.

His job was forcing him to work in dangerous conditions with a mentally unstable boss for 12 hours at a time on average that summer and into fall. I was afraid of all the drinking that went on at his job and the fact that they worked on roofs.

She started to grieve the loss of her friendship as our love grew. She wanted to come with us to the music festival but could not make it happen. She became even angrier with us. She involved her mother and threatened to cut off the friendship and said I was going to destroy the family. I was hurt, felt completely helpless, and almost ended the relationship. I was not going to be responsible for destroying a family. I began to feel the love bubble bursting. I wanted them to love me, and they all thought I was a terrible person. This sense of instability threw me.

On our way to the music festival, his boss had gotten into a conflict with another co-worker. Later that day, the boss fell off the roof and lost his ability to mentally and physically function.

His ex-moved out the next week.

He eventually quit his job, without giving a two-week notice. This made his co-workers must overcompensate for his leaving. I felt hurt that he would do that to other people and that he did not talk to me about it first. I thought we were a team. Was he even a good person? I asked him these questions. He reassured me that he was. I was still scared.

Christmas came. Holidays in relationships were hard for me. I wanted to feel seen. He fell short on thoughtful gifts. I took it personally and cried.

January came. He still was not making money. I was scared for his financial situation. I was taking a class on trauma at the time too. I felt trauma responses while meditating for a class that sent me down a whirlwind of sadness and pain. I knew I needed to keep healing. My oldest son was depressed and confessed that he was thinking of suicide because he lost his best friend and didn’t have new ones.

My partner got a job as a carpenter. Money is tight, but he is grateful to have an income again. He is grateful to not be on a roof anymore.

His ex still tries to keep in contact. He blocked her. She contacted the mom instead, causing more tension between us.

My ex-husband found out that I had a new relationship and began to harass me. He would tell my littlest that I didn’t love him. The littlest began to tell me new sex allegations against his dad. He had done this in the past too. I began to feel myself go back to living in survival mode where nobody felt safe including my partner.

He and I decided to quit smoking. This increased my temper, which would lead to a fight. This is when I realized I needed more help and we needed help with our communication styles if we were going to make it. I talked to my therapist about solutions.

The oldest made friends from his homeschool collective, but his kids were in a whirlwind of depression from the pressures of public school. I wanted to keep them happy, his family happy, and us happy. But I realized that I cannot make anyone happy if I am not happy.

I went to Child Protective Services for my youngest son. He claimed allegations of abuse from my ex. They kept him from visiting until we got answers.

I began to kickbox. I began to get to the roots of my anger. We began to read the Non-Violent Communication book every night. Things got better, then they got worse, then they got better. I had a breakdown at his family’s house on Mother’s Day because I chose to support them instead of my recognizing my need for my own self-care. His family got overly involved. They judged me again. I tried to detach but knew deep down that I wanted their love and acceptance.

Certain vegetation in the garden struggles in the soil.

I dug more into my anger and how to handle it. I went to the doctor to get them to check my hormone levels. I am trying a new supplement to help keep my head clear. If that doesn’t work, I will try anti-anxiety meds.

I tried to talk to his family using non-violent communication. They summed me up and concluded that he should have waited before entering a new relationship. They told me I was bad for crossing the line with him. I told them my heart was always in the right place. No response.

He apologized for his family’s behavior. We knew we had to be a team. We decided to stick together in the way we would approach them. I was stretched thin. I couldn’t keep trying to make everyone else happy. I knew my peace needed to come first for my own self-love, for my boys, for my partner.

The littlest did not tell the investigators what happened with his dad. The case remains open, but he is now able to see him. My heart is heavy with the need for love safety and support. Luckily, I get that from him. And my family. But not his family. We will figure this out as a team as we continue to remain in our presence and keep our heads up when possible.

We love each other more today than ever. We talk every evening in depth. We cook delicious healthy meals and try to make the best of the hard times. We watch our favorite shows, take long hikes, and give lots of physical affection, we laugh a lot. Sometimes we get stressed and share a cigarette, but that’s only if it’s code red. We took holidays off the table. We will gift each other organically instead of playing roles in a man-made holiday because long before he came into the picture, holidays were a trigger for me. I trust him, but I still get scared. It has been almost a year. I know the dust will settle with time. Life is a wave, and we ride it as best as we can. We try to learn from yesterday and forgive ourselves when we fall short because love is worth it. Even if others cannot be happy for us. I have learned this year that the only person I can control is myself. I will continue to fight for peace in an imperfect world. 