My tasting plates lay out before me like a kaleidoscope of indestructible glass laminate, some with floral ridges and others with little Dutch housed borders on them. The kind of plates you pick up from a church bazaar for 50¢ a piece–god awful ugly, but they serve their purpose all the same.
Maryellen, my wife, insisted that we didn’t need a complete stack of Corelle to set the table, and so the dishes range in sizes from saucer to salad plate. The beloved empty margarine container that I use for tupperware and sometimes-makeshift-compost-bucket has grafted itself into the mish mosh of tableware. My wife liked to say that it didn’t matter what the plates looked like, but rather the company you piece together that made the meal. 
It’s Sunday– the day of the week when time has a way of its own and when I can sit with my heirlooms and savor long forgotten tastes of apples past. Tasting is the same today as it has been every Sunday before this one. 
It starts with the plates, organized in three by three rows. Underneath the plates is a large cut of brown kraft paper with hand scribbled notes beside each of the dishes, where I denote the profile of each apple that I’ve rescued. 
These aren’t grocery store run-of-the-mill apples I am distinguishing here, they’re heirlooms that deserve my time and steady attention. Heirlooms and Sundays are much the same for me, as there isn’t much time for me to take it slow and easy like the rest of the world. While they’re in a prayerful state of mind–slow and thoughtful–I have history on my hands that requires me to move with expediency and eagerness.
There isn’t a darn thing that will save me or these apples aside from my Sunday routine, and so I make use of my time. The only thing missing from my Sunday mornings these days is Maryellen.
The egregious beep hits my hearing aids like the siren of a cop car sneaking up on me making out with my girl in the back of a pickup. I shouldn’t be startled, but between the sound of her voice and the tone of the machine my bones hum a little. Memories are funny like that I suppose. They embed themselves within the core of my body waiting to be jarred around when I least expect it.
Not a day goes by that the phone rings and I choose not to pick it up just so I can hear her voice, it’s like she’s here in the house just shouting from another room. Except she never makes her way back to the table with me where we can fight about whether the latest heirloom is pear-like in flavor or more russetty. 
It’s been three years now since Maryellen left the farm and our adventures in keeping apples alive with one another came to an end. When an apple has a bad spot I tend to cut it away to get to the sweeter pulp, salvaging the rest of the fruit for my own personal enjoyment. 
When Maryellen came down with a bad spot, the doctors cut her clear through her skin, down to the core of her body, and still she didn’t last longer than two months before she shrunk down. 
No longer sweet, Maryellen simply returned back to the earth like a blemished apple unfit for eating. 
The sound of the answering machine clicks over from where it’s docked in the living room. 
The faint tones of her voice sing over the recording asking the caller to leave a message. 
You’ve reached the Miller residence. We can’t come to the phone right now because we’re off hunting apples and trespassing in orchards. You can leave your message after the beep and I reckon we’ll call you back sooner or later. 
I let the machine pick up the call, as it’s probably some kind of Ed McMahon type who wants to award me a TV I won’t use anyway. The part about trespassing in orchards gives me a chuckle every time. 
“Mr. Miller. I’m with the Lost Apple Heritage Society. We’ve heard tremendous things about you sir, and we’d like to invite you to accept an award on behalf of the exceptional work you’ve done in preserving the livelihood of hundreds of heirloom apples… We’re also creating a new apple strain and we’d like to name it after you… ”
An award? Me? They've got the wrong person!
I wish Maryellen could hear that after all this time our escapades into hidden forests and hours spent in our Buick on back roads wasn’t in vain. The likes of the Knobbed Russet, Foxwheel, and the Arkansas Black would stay in circulation because of our love for one another.
We cared about the apples, sure, but it was the way that I never learned how to sit beside her without feeling complete and utter adoration. She could rattle on about how I’d left my socks on the bathroom floor and all I’d been thinking about was how easy it was to get lost in her presence. 
Flailing paring knife and all, her speeches were like mazes that felt just like apple hunting. I’d get lost in her words and mannerisms and know with absolute certainty that I’d either find a rare apple or I’d find another thing I loved about her. If anyone deserved an award from a fancy apple society it was her.
I let the man continue on as I get to profiling the fruit before me. The colors range from dark purples and striated yellows and pinks. I got into heirloom hunting about twenty-five years ago when Maryellen came home with what I thought was a small bag of plums. It was her way to get to talking with folks while she was at the market. Elmer Johnson happened across her path and they got to talking and he unloaded some of these rare apples on her. It was the first time I’d seen an apple so rich in color it was best described as an amaranthine colored Purple Mountain Majesty. 
It started with one apple, and one turned into two, and two turned into two hundred. Soon enough Maryellen and I spent our earliest days of retirement driving hundreds of miles round trip with vague clues on where we could find the elusive Pink Pearl with a yellow-green flesh and bright pink insides. 
My wife was the first to knock on the door of a dilapidated farmhouse and inquire about apples with cranberry colored centers and varietals that looked like potatoes. I never knew how she got the leads, I simply followed her with my bucket and my clippers, ready to take the apples back home for our Sunday tastings.  
We traversed rocky back acres past orchards annihilated from devastating winter freezes where the farmers couldn’t salvage the trees. All our clues came by way of someone’s granny mentioning that there might still be one tree standing if we’d be willing to hike back to find the lone Grimes Golden. 
I’d follow Maryellen anywhere for one little bite of an apple no one had set their lips on in decades. It meant that I’d get to taste the sweet nutmeg and white pepper blend on her mouth which was twice as nice.
My hands don’t work quite as well as they used to and it shows in my attempt to corral the canvas bags of multi colored, somewhat mottled fruit to the dining table.
The prominent change in my Sundays is that it takes me far longer to get the apples from the car, to the house, to the dining room for the tasting. Some days I wonder if it’d be quicker to just sit in the darn car and do the flavor profiles there.
But, once you’ve done something one way for so long there’s no sense in trying to teach an old dog new tricks. The memories are in my bones and so this is where I'll be for every Sunday for the rest of my time on this earth.
I take my time cutting a nice fluid slice from a Chestnut Crab. I splay the pieces out on the largest plate and reach for my pencil ready to denote the crabapple’s sweet-tart flavor.
Maryellen would have loved the nutty overtones of this apple. I mark the colorings of the apple, and the placement of the seeds within the cross-section. 
I think about the man that called from the apple society and think back to one of the last conversations I had with my girl.
“You know Sam, we’re not that different from apples.”
“How so, Maryellen? Enlighten me.”
“Sam Miller, your viridity is as green as a Granny Smith with a high wax sheen to it!”
“Go on, tell me more about how much you love me.”
“You’re rotten to the core Sam Miller, but you’re also the apple of my eye.”
“I’ve got a good stalk on me and my leaves ain’t too bad either.”
“I think of all the things we’ve done together, apple hunting has been the cream of the crop, Sam.”
“Apple hunting and Sunday mornings are mighty fine, I don’t disagree.” 
The bit of apple pulp nestles its way to the back corner of my cheek as I dial the man at the apple society back.
I can’t accept an award that doesn’t belong to me. The accolades are all hers. 
“Hello, this is Sam Miller. I’d like to accept the award in my wife’s name, Maryellen. As for naming an apple after me I can’t think of anything more unappetizing. How would you feel about calling it Sunday Mornings?”