  “Achoo!” “Achoo!” Layer after layer of twenty years flew from the knotted pine chest, buzzing right up my nostrils, whilst I unhinged golden memories of yesterdays. Inhaling deeply in anticipation of treasured finds, a wretched “cough!” “hack!” “cough!” emanated from the deepest part of my lungs. “Oh wow!” Eyes widening with genuine child-like surprise, several rolls of seemingly undeveloped thirty-five millimeter film lay in rows, filling the chest to the brim.  

  Delicately taking several tubes into my tender and curious palm, I relished gloriously what possible relics the ancient rolls might contain. Dad dedicated his life to the magazine, most of his fifty year journalism career was spent reporting on civil rights issues.  Nearly all of the photos he took gingerly portrayed some of the world's most prominent civil rights advocates, often depicting action shots of scores of Americans gathering to pay their respects to our African American communities. Too frequently his portraits also captured horrendous, blood-bathed, race-motivated, violent hate crime scenes the magazine had assigned him to report on.

  Dad lost his life to his work twenty years ago today, while standing on a sidewalk in downtown Atlanta reporting on a story that began as a “peaceful civil rights march.” On this day in 2012, thousands of American citizens of various races had gathered to celebrate “the equalities of mankind guaranteed by the United States Constitution.” In protest of the lawful civil rights movement, biased members of a nationwide hate group began gunning and running unsuspecting do-gooders down.  

  “Brother Bear” (as Dad was known worldwide for his humane and ethical reporting) was only one of the hundreds injured, and one of the fourteen innocent angels that died as a result of his injuries. He was declared “dead at the scene,” no resuscitation efforts could be made by paramedics due to the brutal extent of the tragedy. Our last “goodbyes” were made at lunchtime over a phone call. “Are you coming to dinner with us tonight Dad?” Lovingly he replied, “If I get outta here in time I certainly will, (quietly breathing) I just don’t see that happening. Fights are breaking out all over the streets, the police are overwhelmed with the 9-1-1 calls! My boss wants me to stay until it’s over, make sure I get every photo and story I can honey. You know, it’s a part of the job.” 

  A stubborn sigh let loose from my lips, “OK, OK. Hey Dad, you know I wish you would’ve accepted that retirement offer last year, I mean, don’t you think you’re getting too old for this kind of excitement?” He laughed heartily, “Brother Bear wouldn’t dream of it!  These people need me to report the truth on their behalf! If I don’t do it, who will?” Gunfire suddenly rang out over the call, tears flooded my eyes spilling down and ruining my freshly powdered cheeks. “Dad, just be careful OK?” “Of course dear, no need to worry about your old Dad. I’ve been doing this for the last fifty years, nothing has stopped me yet! Listen, I’ll call you as soon as I get back to my car, OK? I love you Dahlia, you’ve always been the love of my life!” “I love you too Dad!”

   “Ahem!” The man at the counter smiled, bringing my attention back to the issue at hand, “what may be in these films.” He must have read my mind, “Thirty minutes or less, quality guaranteed or your money back, that’s just the store’s policy ma’am.” “Harry” displayed in blank ink, overlaying the rectangular faux-silver coated name plate pinned to his faded polyester shirt. “Ugh!” My stomach turned at the hideous uniform color, a putrid cross between yellow and green vomit. “Alright then, we have ourselves a deal. I’m gonna go outside and make a phone call, (laughing out loud) I’ll be back in thirty minutes or less!” He winked as I walked towards the sliding glass double doors.

  “Beep, beep, click.” My hands shaking uncontrollably with uncertain emotional upheaval, numb fingers fumbled to release the latch on the glove box. Only the moon’s light offered guidance in my stumbling search for support, “oh there ya are!” Finally pulling on the familiar slim cardboard flip top box, I pulled out a single, deftly tucked it between my parsed, lipstick faded lips and set it on fire. An immediate sense of guilt washed over me, I promised myself I would quit smoking twenty years ago, shortly after Dad was killed.  “Why am I doing this to myself?” Shaking my head, I inhaled again, this time more deeply. “It doesn’t matter, nothing matters right now except what’s in those films.” 

   “Hum-hum” the vibration of my cell phone told me my package was ready. “Twelve minutes (and three smokes later) that’s all?” “Here ya go ma’am, quality assured.” Nodding “you’ll like what ya see.” Eyes glinting under horrendous stress, brows furrowing, my face darkened with stupefying fear. “What if they’re blank? What if they’re horrible bloody crime scenes? What could they, might they be?” Cautiously, I pulled the triangular flap off of the first of the lab's many envelopes.  

  “Oh Jesus! Oh no, Dad! I miss you so much!” Crumbling into a broken, folded over, sobbing heap, I landed right smack on my knees in the middle of the tiny drugstore. Waterfalls cascaded down over the photos I now held in the delicate palm which for too many years has been void of my father’s hand. Staring back- photos of me and my Dad putting Christmas lights on the tree, kayaking during camping trips, lighting the candles on my birthday cakes, laughing over dinner at the table, and working together on projects in the tool shop. Each of the photos reflected his humor, holding his fingers in bunny ears over my head, sticking his tongue out, and making funny faces. The closeness of our relationship self-evident by our expressions, the emotional devastation of having lost him came rushing back. 

  Choking back sobs, I cradled the developed film in both hands, unable to release what hold I had left on the love of my life. “Such a treasure, I never dreamt of finding something so breathtaking, so glorious, not in all of my days.” Hampered tears quickly became breast-bone rattling heaves, I once again vowed silently “I’m giving up the cigarettes once and for all! If not for myself then I’ll do it for Brother Bear. It’s what he would’ve wanted, and it’s the least I can do for him now.”