The view from Tom’s one-bedroom apartment in Provo, Utah was less than interesting, but no more so than he was. Tom McAllen, a software developer who has been working from home for almost two years, is beginning to feel the effects of his isolation.

“Tom, come away from the window.” Anne snapped.

“But, I’m watching it rain, it’s so beautiful.” He said.

“Don’t you think you should jump online and get started with work.” Peter said.

“You two go outside whenever you want.” He said, slamming his fist on his desk. “I’m stuck at that computer all day.”

Anne kept rocking, and twisting her crocheting needles pulling from two balls of yarn, one yellow, the other pink. Soon to be another afghan. “Understood, but you need to come away from that window and start work.” She said.

Tom looked around his apartment at hundreds of crocheted afghans in an array of colors. Some piled in the corner, others tossed over the furniture, some hung as wall art, one on the kitchen table where Peter sat sipping a steaming mug of tea.

“Are you going to mist the girls this morning?” Peter said.

“No!” He said, plopping down in his X-chair and signing onto his computer.

“Well, why not? You know they need you.” Peter said, rubbing his day-old beard.

“You want them misted today, you do it!” He said, not looking away from his computer.

From atop the refrigerator, across the kitchen and coffee tables, the breakfast bar, the bathroom counter, the bedroom dresser, night stand and every other available surface there sat hundreds of orchids. An astonishing sight of purple, white, red, yellow, amethyst and rare blue colors abounded. Each orchid, perfect and majestic.

“You know we can’t do that.” Anne said, never looking up from her crocheting.

“Even if we could, we wouldn’t do it as well as you.” Peter said.

“Ok, ok. I’ll do it.” Tom said, standing and pushing his chair back, almost flipping it over.

“Now, dear, be a good boy.” Anne said. “Treat them gently and tell each one how much you love them.” She said smiling. “They will love you back.”

He took the clear glass mister and carefully filled it with distilled water and began making his rounds to mist each of the delicate blooms, calling them by name. “Hello Madonna.” He said to one of the white ones. “I love you.” He whispered, before moving to the next. “Good Morning Miranda.” He said, gently misting the amethyst blooms. “You look lovely this morning.”

“Tom, you’ll never be alone again, not with us and all your beautiful ladies here.” Peter said rinsing his tea mug and putting it on the drainer.

“That’s right.” Anne said, still rocking slowly, never looking up.

A knock at the door interrupted his misting effort. “Delivery from Urban Steams.” A voice said through the door.

“Leave it. Please.” Tom said watching the delivery boy through the peephole.

He opened the door to see his latest arrival. “Well, hello, Lemon Drop.” He said, smiling as he bent to pick up the box. He took tender care opening the box and exposing the lemon-yellow orchid in a bronze container. “Isn’t she beautiful.” He said, turning to show Peter and Anne. “Welcome home.” He whispered while gingerly carrying the small pot into his bedroom. “I have just the spot for you, gorgeous.” Tom carefully moved two purple orchids aside to ease Lemon Drop between them. “Now there, that’s the perfect spot for–” Another knock at the door. “Can one of you get that, please?” He said from the bedroom.

“You know we can’t do that.” Peter said.

Tom stomped out of the bedroom, looked through the peephole, no one was there. He threw open the door. A white box with 'Annie’s Crochet Afghan-of-the-Month Club' stamped on top. It was addressed to Tom McAllen, 1232 Bravo Boulevard, Apartment 316. “Anne, looks like this one is for you.” He said as he picked up the box and brought it into the living room.

“Oh, yes of course, more yarn for me to work with, thank you dear.” Anne said.

“How is it that you sit and crochet all day, but you only finish afghans at night while I’m asleep?” Tom said.

“Dear, I do my best work when you’re asleep.” She said.

Tom looked over at Peter, he was unfolding a finger painting he’d started.

“When did you do that?” Tom said.

“Last night when it started raining, remember?” Peter said.

“No. Actually, I don’t remember.”

“I love it when you two finger paint together.” Anne said.

“I didn’t finger paint last night.” Tom said.

The sheet had two large paintings of orchids, one red and one purple. “Yes, you did, you started the red one, and I started the purple one.” Peter said.

“Whatever.” Tom said, looking down at his right index finger nail with red paint under it.

“Maybe I should do a new one of Lemon Drop.” Peter said, fishing for the yellow paint from the shoebox of finger paints.

After Tom completed his misting and cooing with his orchids, he went back to his computer to begin working. Before he opened his GitHub account to get started, he looked at his email. At the top of his inbox was a note from his contracting firm, Hunter-Baker. The subject of the email was Contract Update. He opened the email message, expecting to see some DocuSign documents to sign and return. But before he could read the message, His cell started ringing. Both Peter and Anne jumped up and dashed into the bedroom, slamming the door. From the caller ID, he recognized the call was from his co-worker Greg.

“Hey Greg, what’s up?”

“Can you believe what they did to us?”

“Who?”

“Those A-Holes from Hunter-Baker.”

“What are you talking about?” Tom said.

“Did you not get the email? The airline canceled the contract, something about they were cutting cost due to a slowdown in business, and Hunter-Baker kicked us to the curb. We’re out of a job.” Greg said

“That can’t be right, hold on, let me check my mail.” Tom said, opening his email and reading it. “Holy crap, you’re right. I would have thought Hunter-Baker would have reassigned us, Scala developers are hard to find.”

“Now what?” Greg said.

Tom’s stomach dropped, his ears started ringing and with a lump in his throat. He said. “Man, I don’t know.” He dropped the call and ran to the bedroom and threw open the door. Anne and Peter were gone.

“Anne, Peter, where are you?” Tom said. “Where are you.” Rubbing his forehead with thumb and fingers, before grabbing his head with both hands and screaming, “Where are you?”

In the next instant, Tom could feel the rain hitting his chest and shoulders as it dripped from his head and trickled down his face. He was outside on the street. The chill of the air sharpened as he grew wet. He wrapped his arms around himself and started walking down the sidewalk.

“Where are you?” He mumbled. “Where are you? I can’t be alone now.” His sneakers squished as he walked. He bumped a lady’s umbrella as she passed. She turned and snapped. “What’s wrong with you? Watch where you're going.”

Once he reached the corner, he glanced across the street to see a storefront filled with flowers. The sign on the awning above the door read ‘Flowers’ above that ‘Foxglove’. He was drawn to it like a moth. He stepped off the curb into a stream of water, not looking either way before walking into traffic. A car honked suddenly stopping, he turned slamming both hands on the hood of the car and glared at the driver inside.

“Get off the street, you fool.” The man in the car yelled.

Tom continued toward the flower shop. He reeled back as another car passed right in front of him with its horn blaring. He began hugging himself again as he trudged across the street, methodically focused on the flower shop.

A bell dinged as he stepped dripping and shivering into the shop. His heart was racing, and he could feel his heartbeat in his ears. A lady behind the counter turned round.

“May I help you?” She said.

“Orchids, do you have any orchids?” He said.

“They’re in the green house in the back.” she said, pointing to a door at the rear of the store.

“Thank you.” He said, his eyes locked on the door. She stood watching him holding a flower she was adding to an arrangement as he opened it. The smell of roses and soil greeted him, giving the air a sweet and damp fragrance. This combined with the gentle tapping of rain on the glass overhead caused his pulse to return to normal.

Several rows of orchids were on the tables and side shelves. The most beautiful orchid he had ever seen stood on a shelf near the rear of the greenhouse. The striking shades of blue-green outlined with yellow brought back visions of finger painting with his little brother on rainy days.

“My mother loved orchids.” He said, startling the young lady tending to the orchid.

She turned to see him soaking wet from head to toe. “They’re my favorite too.” She said smiling. “They are so delicate and require loving care.”

“They do, they really do require love to thrive.” He said, staring at the orchid. “My mother used to crochet their variegated colors into beautiful afghans.”

“I can only imagine how colorful and beautiful those must be.” She said.

He turned to look at her. His eyes glazed as he spoke. “She and my brother Peter were killed in a car crash three years ago.”

“Oh, I’m so sorry to hear that” She said.

He looked up at the rain hitting the glass roof, following it as it trickled down the side of the greenhouse. “Yeah, she used to let Peter and me finger paint pictures of them too. Especially on rainy days when we couldn’t play outside. She would sit rocking and crocheting while we painted and watched the rain. I love rain.” He said.

“Me too. We don’t get a lot here, so it’s nice to see some occasionally.” She said.

“Are you OK, Beth?” The lady from the front said standing in the greenhouse doorway.

“I’m fine.” She said. “We’re discussing orchids.”

“Ok, just yell if you need anything?”

“Ok. Thank you.”

“This one’s got the strangest shape.” He said.

“It’s called a ‘Naked Hanging Man’.” She said with a coy smile.

“A what? Oh, I think I see that now.” Tom said, his cheeks slightly flushed when he noticed what unmistakably looked to be male genitalia on the bloom. He smiled, and their eyes met for a moment before they both turned back to the orchid.

“They are native to Mediterranean areas and prefer a higher attitude like we have here in Provo. What brings you in today, just the orchids?” She said now staring up into his blue eyes. “My name is Beth, by the way, but I guess you know that already.” She smiled with her long brown hair pulled back behind her neck.

“I was actually, well, really, I just wanted to get out of my apartment.” He said.

“In the rain?” She said. “You aren’t wearing a rain jacket. You’re soaked and must be freezing.” 

His wet blond hair sticking to his forehead, he glanced down at his wet gray BYU sweatshirt, worn jeans, and soaked sneakers. “I left in a hurry.”

“To come to a flower shop,” she said.

“No, I was looking for, for Anne and Peter.” 

The rain started hitting the roof of the greenhouse a little harder. “I’m into orchids. You know my mother’s name was Beth, Beth Anne, she went by Anne.” He said, dazed and smiling.

“That’s nice.” She said, turning to walk away. 

He took her arm. “Wait, I want to buy that orchid. Can you help me with it?”

“Of course, but it is quite rare and expensive.” She said.

“I don’t care, I want it, I’ve never owned a male orchid, or one that looked like it was anyway.” Tom said. 

She took it from the shelf and started for the door. Tom stepped in front of her and she stopped. “I’m Tom McAllen. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” He said, looking down into her brown eyes.

She smiled and stepped to one side, and he stepped with her. “Sir, please, you're scaring me. Let me pass.” She said.

“No, no, I’m sorry. It’s just. Just that I’ve been alone in my apartment for a very long time and today, well, today I got fired.”

“I’m sorry to hear that. Are you sure you want this orchid?” She said.

“Oh yes, very sure.” Tom said with a wide smile.

“Ok, then let me pass, so we can get you checked out.” She said.

“Ok.” Tom said, stepping aside and looking down as she made her way past him.

“Karee, this gentleman would like the Naked Hanging Man orchid.” She said, setting the orchid on the counter. She turned to walk back into the greenhouse.

Tom jumped in front of her. “Thank you, and you’re beautiful. If you ever want to see my collection of orchids, I live just over on Bravo Boulevard, my apartment is 316.”

“Ok, thanks. I’ll keep that in mind. Nice meeting you, Tom. Enjoy the orchid.” She said, stepping past him and back into the greenhouse.

Karee smiled and said, “It’s so beautiful, cash or credit?” 

“Credit.” Tom said, handing her his American Express card.

Tom stepped out onto the sidewalk, clutching his new orchid close to his chest. The rain had stopped, and the sun was starting to peep out from behind the clouds. He looked up, smiled and closed his eyes.

“That’s a beauty. Can’t wait to finger paint that one.” Peter said, standing beside him.

“And it’s going to make an unbelievably beautiful afghan.” Anne said from his other side. 

The three of them started walking back to the apartment. Karee stepped out of the flower shop and shouted. “Sir, you forgot your receipt.” She watched as he kept walking away, turning his head from side to side, talking to himself.