 It's the first Monday of the month. Most Americans are now partying  or planning to. Most labors are given a holiday also. But not for us, not for the greatest  Collage Counselor office. Not the one where the greatest Ambrose work. Fine with me though. I don't have much to do outside the office. And I like when collage students look at me with wide eyes and hope that they may get enrolled in their dream collage. It makes me feel like a hero, even though it entirely depends on them. Even though I don't discuss it with them, I simply just arrange their files and work on it. But it still feels nice, to be appreciated. But not too much that you are the center of the attention. And not under-appreciated either. The office isn't my number one pick for a place to work in, but it's less crowded than other places I have applied into. No drama, no big evets, no gossiping. Just people working and chilling together from here and there. A calm atmosphere that it's almost ghosted. A place that will just fit for me. At least till I find a quitter place. "Michael!" I hear a feminine voice calling me out as I was about to enter the office. I turn around and see Sandy. The newest worker in here and probably the youngest. She moved with us 2 months ago. It's weird considering she is still in her junior high-school year. It's not an easy way to work here. Ambrose claimed that the office needed a young, fresh blood in it. Although I don't see how will that help. It's not our main aim to talk with the students, that's a counselor thing, we are simply his helpers. It's rare for us to completely discuss something with them. However, he might be right. We became more socially connected since Sandy came.

"Let's get in together," Sandy said with her sweetest smile. I see no point in doing so, but did it anyway. Once we enter our office, only few employees greet us. I don’t blame them. I like people being understandable. What's the point of greeting me every-day if I'm gonna give you the same answer? However, that's not why they aren't greeting me. It's just July, summer is about to end. Tons of students who didn't make their decision yet, who got rejected multiple times, or who didn't hear back from any collages come here daily to see what are they gonna do with life. And we have to clean their messed up files. Sometimes I wonder how do they trust counselor so much? If they knew how to win in life, they wouldn't be here right? But I guess they just wanna catch any tiny hope. Like a drowning person who will catch in his hands anything to be saved. "Ugh! I told everyone to wear something American for the holiday. So we can enjoy tonight's freedom day," I hear Sandy ranting while putting my things on my desk. I forgot to mention, Sandy is also not my number one friend pick up. I don't necessarily like or dislike her. But she is the noisiest person around and I just want peace. I think she forgets that she is the only minor in the office, most of us are already done with their twenties. Sandy keeps ranting for like good 15 minutes restricting me from working, until Selena, my desk mate, asks her "politely" to shut up because we have work. I like how straightforward she is. She also look a lot like me. She likes quietness. Too bad for our 3rd desk mate Sandy. The day goes by smoothly. Sandy keeps opening random conversation, forcing me to mentally note to get fired or change my desk. She leaves in the middle of the day however. She is trying to finish high-school in 2 years only and is taking extra classes at summer. Good dream I guess.

I don't speak to anyone after she left. And it's not like I replied to her either. The breeze in the afternoon catches my attention. And I work with it. I listen to it closely as if it's the perfect peaceful melody ever. And it separates me from the rest of the world. Just like how I always wanted to be. Away, far away from people and all of their issues. My grand-parents always used to tell me to make friends. Not to isolate myself while studying. They even used to argue with my parents about it. My parents were cold as ice though. They told them that I am free to do whatever I want. I think I liked quietness because of them. "What are you thinking?" My desk-mate Selena asks. I wonder if "desk-mate" is a word?. "Is it okay if someone is completely isolated from people? He doesn't hate them, but he doesn't like interacting either," I ask watching her deeply thinking of an adequate answer to satisfy my "judging" gaze. She said that I always judge people silently. Not a 100% fact, but I could partly agree. Selena is a woman in her mid 30's, despite looking older. All of us actually look older by spending most of our time with the old workers whom most are dead or in their 70's. She have a purple, thick hair. "A foolish mistake I will always regret," she used to say if someone asks about her hair. She can't afford losing her hair if she dye it black again. I think it's good. She looks adventurous with it, like a cool grandma in the future. I wonder if we will continue knowing each other till then. She is thin, very thin. Probably the most thin person around. But most importantly about her, is how smoothly our conversations always go. "Look," Selena says to grab my attention. "I don't think it's wrong, personal choice. But I guess he could give himself a chance to know people. Life is short, you understand?" I nod at her despite being un-convinced. If life is short, why would I wanna waste it on people and their issues? Selena then offers me a ride home, but I live really close to work and rejected her offer. Plus, no matter how smooth our conversations go, I don't like riding partners. It always lead to awkward conversations that I avoid.


 I slide my key through the door hole. Opening my apartment after a typical day at work. Just to look at the calendar and discover. I almost forgot. I go to the fridge, take out 1 spoon, one cup and one plate from the shelf. Search the drawers for a candle and a light. Go to the living room, light up the candle on the cake to sing a happy birthday. Happy birthday to me. My parents always supported me, but my mother always told me secretly to celebrate my birthday no matter what. She said birthday vibes will put you in good spirits, making you remember you exist for a reason. I guess she wasn't all-along a quite type after all. She did that to fit in with my father. Thinking about it now, it makes no sense of my mother's words. Looking around the apartment. I see no one around. No texts in my phone. Nothing. And it doesn't put me in bad spirits. Actually I lowkey enjoy it. Being alone, in silence. A man with his 30's ending. With no wife, kids, or friends. With nothing but himself. I guess that's how my life went by. I've never been into a fight, or any emotionally attached relationship except my parents. I've always been away from drama and people. But I guess that's what I've always wanted to achieve the most. Peace. Just me. Living my life in utmost silence. Hiding in the shadows. Away from people. In this ghosted, drop dead muted apartment.