I felt like an outsider among the family members who milled about in the scarlet-carpeted room. I suppose in a way I was an outsider. The family members on my mother’s side didn’t have reunions, not out of spite or any bad blood necessarily. No one really had time, many were grandparents or parents with young kids. It also probably didn’t help that most of them lived out of town. But it was nice to see them make an effort by coming to the funeral of a sweet old man that most of them probably only knew when they were kids themselves.

The man of whom I spoke was my great-great-uncle Wilton James, my grandmother’s uncle and a man that I unfortunately never met face-to-face. Well, he’d met me as a baby but that didn’t really count since I had no memory of that time. I’d grown up hearing stories of Uncle Wilton, my favorite being where he’d lied about his age so he could join his older brothers in the Navy during WWII. What made the story better was he got away with it. Despite never meeting him face-to-face, I felt particularly close to Uncle Wilton. He sent me letters through the years and would send me birthday gifts. I loved Uncle Wilton’s stories, to me they were far better than any fairy-tale. Watching them play out in my mind was better than watching any blockbuster film. When I was a child, he was practically Indiana Jones, even though most of his stories never involved wild chases, treasure hunting, or narrow escapes. Then again, there were a couple of stories where he’d almost been caught. Uncle Wilton had been a private investigator, much like Paul Drake from the old Perry Mason show.

It wouldn’t have been a chore to visit Uncle Wilton and Aunt Anna. We just never set plans, and when I didn’t get my license until I was 17 and even then my parents weren’t keen on me driving. To be honest I can’t blame them looking back on it. I was easily distracted back then. I could have easily been in a wreck. But still, I could’ve asked if we could visit. It was one of those things where you say, “I need to do this or try that soon,” and then you never do it, not out of laziness or procrastination of socializing. I just kept forgetting and thinking that my friends or activities and precious weekends were more important.

Shame covered me like a wet blanket. My shoulders hunched, anger tugged at my stomach, tears began to spill and my mascara was probably starting to run too. I pulled out a Kleenex and gingerly attempted to wipe tears without smudging any makeup. Whether my attempts were successful would remain a mystery until I could reach the bathroom. Soon the hymns that had been chosen by his wife for his commemoration had been sung, and now it was time to head to the reception.

I felt butterflies and a sense of dread took control of my organs and limbs. Time to make awkward introductions, stand about like a bottle of milk, and hear the snide remarks passed around about other family members.

Come to think of it, there might be a plus to this situation. Family reunions were the prime places to eavesdrop, ask questions and get the dirt on other people. Not for anything sinister, like blackmail or to start stirring the waters. No, it was something worse. Maybe. I used family stories and gossip to write my own stories and develop memorable characters. It worked too. My old writing instructor always said my stories were vivid and real, because they were real. To other writers this method may seem wise, but to members of my family, not so much. I’m sure Aunt Dani (my mother’s sister) would say that it was disgraceful to use other people’s experiences and sorrows to my advantage, and what’s more, make them public to entertain others. Oh well.

I resisted the evil grin that jerked my mouth. I was at a funeral. Smiling like the Grinch would be frowned upon.

I got up and followed my family to the reception area. Wafts of savory stewed okra, dinner rolls, and ham greeted us in the reception hall. My mouth watered and my stomach threatened to make whale calls. I leaned over to my mother, “Think Aunt Dani made sweet tea?”

“Oh, I’m sure,” she chuckled, linking her arm with mine. “She wouldn’t pass up a chance to brag about her award-winning tea. Again.”

“Well when you own your own café and have won awards for everything from sweet tea to wedding cookies I’m sure you can probably afford to brag (I paused for emphasis) repeatedly.”

My mother’s laugh tinkled in the air like bells. My mother was an attractive woman, short with soft curves, confidence in her stature, laughter in her forest green eyes. At age 50 my mother could have passed as a 40 year old. My mother was certainly blessed by the gene gods. I hope that I inherited that feature.

My phone vibrated, setting off an alarm in the back of my mind. I had totally forgotten about my boyfriend. Panic stricken, I violently turned my mother to face me. “Mom,” I rasped, “You haven’t told anyone about Simon have you?”

My mother’s expression of alarm faded into one of seriousness and glanced around to, what I assumed, make sure Aunt Dani and my Grandma were out of sight. She leaned forward, “I’m not a fool! I wouldn’t throw my daughter to the wolves!” She whisper-yelled.

God bless my mama. She was my most loyal friend, next to my cousin Sacha Castro, who was also aware of my recently kindled relationship with my closest friend, Simon Swanson. If word got out to my aunt and grandma that I was “finally” dating, they would hound me with questions and would hang me by my toes until I agreed to bring him over to meet the family. Knowing Aunt Dani she’d even go as far as to hire a private investigator to do a background check on him, just like she did with my sister’s boyfriend, now husband, and even with my own father. Aunt Dani, I’d realized, was the kind of family member who would greet you as warmly as possible with a handshake and then say “that’s not a hello!” give the person a hug and use as many sugar-coated nicknames as possible but as soon as the person’s back was turned, would pull out a small thing of unscented hand sanitizer just in case it didn’t work out between the new person and whichever family member they were dating. Most of us had come to terms with it and decided to make her the butt of the family jokes, in private of course.

Laughing arm-in-arm, my mother and I sought out the table where my grandmother and father sat. I put my purse in a chair and sought out the buffet. Apparently, so had my cousin Sacha who had a plate stacked high with what looked to be mostly dinner rolls.

I walked up and snatched one off her plate, as I said “Have some carbs why don’t you.”

Stoney eyes glared through heavily mascaraed lashes and she snatched back the dinner roll. She stopped and looked down at her plate, a heavy sigh passing her rosy lips. She tossed her head to one side, making her short raven waves sway like willow branches. “You have no idea what it’s like living with my mother. She won’t even let me have toast! I just can’t wait until I move out for college. I swear, as soon as I move into my dorm I’m going to stock up on doughnuts and french fries, I don’t care if I gain 20 pounds! I’m tired of her wanting me to look like a model, I want to look like a human being!” she rasped.

I pitied her. Aunt Dani took way too much pride in her daughter’s slim figure, perhaps that was because Aunt Dani was on the curvier side of the scale. Not even fat, just thick. I glanced around, Aunt Dani was far too busy serving the guests, gossiping, and bragging about her tea to pay attention to her daughter’s eating habits.

I gave Sacha a crooked grin and looked at the table. “Well, if you’re going for it I’d suggest snatching some of grandma’s German Chocolate Cake, oh, oh, oh, and Uncle Greg’s Banana Pudding!”

She gasped and grinned like a happy child. “I’m gonna need help carrying stuff. Here, help me.” She handed me her plate of rolls and her drink. I stood there smiling at Sacha letting out her inner foodie and glanced about. I didn’t recognize most of these people. Heck, I didn’t even know we had this many relatives. I know they were relatives because Uncle Wilton had been a private investigator and didn’t have many friends and he had even fewer colleagues. The person he spoke of working with was a lawyer, a distant cousin, Halbert something or other.

My phone vibrated in my dress pocket. ‘Dang it.’ I put down the plate of rolls and checked it. It was from Simon.

He texted, “I’ll tell you what,” next text, “I really wish the grim reaper would just come and end me.” next text. “My family is just nothing but gossips. I think my mother is about to kill someone….Seriously. I’m concerned for other people’s safety. My dad is trying not to laugh.” Next text, “She just pinched him under the table so that should ease her temper for a little while.”

I sent back laughing emojis. I adored Simon’s mom, who just happened to be my old writing instructor and was now the leader of the writers club that I was a part of. That’s how Simon and I had met. When Rita, Simon’s mother, had given us the challenge of writing a modern hard-boiled detective short story, I passed with flying colors, thanks mostly to some of Uncle Wilton’s stories. Simon was a mystery fanatic, and was possibly, besides me, one of Agatha Christie’s biggest fans. We geeked out over mystery novels, Perry Mason, swapped stories and would sometimes even research true crime together. He certainly didn’t share my love of Nancy Drew, but hey, it was his loss. But my favorite memory was when he challenged me to a writing duel.

The challenge was to write a murder mystery based of a historical poisoning. I chose Abraham Lincoln’s mother, Nancy Hanks, who died from White Snakeroot. Of course we had Rita read both, without telling her who wrote which story, and then asked her to pick the best story. I won, thanks once again to Uncle Wilton’s stories. He’d come across some murders in his career and with some tweaking it made for a mystery that would’ve stumped Agatha Christie.

“How do you do it?” Simon laughed, shaking his head.

“Do what?”

“Craft stories like this? You have to be getting these ideas from somewhere right? You’re not just making them up, not that you couldn’t—but the details are so precise. It would take a normal person months to concoct a scheme like that.”

I smiled to myself. “They’re not my stories really. These are stories from a family member who was a private investigator. I just tweak them and sometimes combine them.”

“You do realize that now you’re gonna have to let me read them. You can’t just hog stories and not share them with a fellow mystery lover.”

I shook my head and leaned back in the recliner. “Uh-uh, those stories are mine! I’m not gonna give you my stash, you’ll use them for yourself! Get your own source!” I laughed as he turned his head to look out his living room window, brow furrowed, lips pursed.

“Gah!” he exclaimed, playful frustration on his features, he leaned against his own chair and crossed his arms. “One day Jacqueline Austin I will get my hands on your source! I will craft the perfect murder mystery and leave you in a blubbering puddle begging for my help to improve your writing.”

“It’ll be a cold day in hell before that happens.”

I scoffed, my grinchy smirk on my face. I was an idiot for saying that, because not a year later Simon and I were on a date in my parents furnished attic studying Uncle Wilton’s stories, researching true crime, and basing characters on people we knew and loved. He’d based one off of his father, a lawyer, and I’d based mine off my grandmother, a fanatic gardener, two very different characters but it made for possibly one of the best mysteries we’d written. We had planned that someday we’d try to get it published. I doubt that would happen. It’s one of those things you don’t get around to doing.

I picked up Sacha’s roll plate and we set out for our table. Little kids squealed past our legs, as we balanced the food like waitresses in a diner. But we both stopped in surprise and I almost dropped Sacha’s rolls. Before me stood the pretend monster chasing the kids and picking them up.

“Simon,” my voice went up an octave. “What are you doing here?”

“Jackie?” Rita was sitting at the table right behind my parents.

Simon’s thick brunette brows rose so high in confusion that his forehead practically vanished. Then it went back to its natural furrow. “I’m here for my uncle’s funeral.”

I felt the blood drain from my face and I’m sure my eyes made me look like an owl. Oh. No. Dear Lord please tell me I’m not somehow dating my cousin that I didn’t know existed.

Simon must’ve had the same thought because his face was rubicund, a thin veil of panic now on his hard features.

I whipped around to face our parents so violently I hurt my neck. Our mothers read my expression of urgency and horror.

Rita got up and sat next to my mother, “Wait a dang minute, don’t panic. I’m sure there’s an explanation.”

I sat down as Simon went to get some water. I listened to our mother’s trying to figure out how on earth we were related, but most importantly how closely we were related. I began to feel queezy, my face feeling like I’d lain out in the sun all day. I had possibly been dating my cousin, I had possibly been kissing my cousin, I had possibly fallen in love with my cousin.

What had the song said? Only fools rush in? What made this ironic was that I sang it in my junior year of high-school.

My father was trying to hide his concern. He may have given consent for my own cousin to date me.

My grandmother was of course also concerned, mostly because she saw the distress on my face, and was trying so hard to solve the problem she was writing on a napkin to keep track of the countless names of relatives.

Thank God my mother hadn’t told Aunt Dani about this. If she found out I was dating a cousin she would raise hell and dub me a heathen.

Sacha was the only one finding any of this amusing. She took a bite of her roll, glanced sideways at me quietly humming “Sweet Home Alabama,” one of her favorite songs. What made it painful to hear was the fact that we lived in Alabama.

I put my forehead in my hand and leaned against the table. I wondered if Uncle Wilton would be up for taking me with him. Perhaps we could even switch places. At least there would be a coffin for me and my family would be here to mourn and I could take my shame and horror with me to the grave.

A rugged tanned hand placed a cup before me. Simon sat by me, neither of us daring to look at each other. I felt like a criminal keeping their head down so they wouldn’t be recognized, the cop standing close by.

“Well, it may not be as bad as you think. Perhaps we’re distantly related enough that it wouldn’t matter.”

I stared up into familiar honey brown eyes. “I suppose.” I could still feel the concerned fear sculpting my face like clay.

An eruption of laughter made my head turn with eager hope.

My mother wiped a tear from her face and waved her hand around. “Y’all are fine. Turns out Uncle Wilton isn’t even an uncle to Simon. His lawyer friend he did business with, that’s the distant cousin, like his third or fourth cousin, is Simon’s father, he helped Simon’s dad when he just got out of law school. So you two are so distant that it doesn’t make any difference.”

“Thank you Lord!” I heaved. I chugged the cup of water Simon had set before me.

His eyes danced with mischief. “This is gonna be one helluva story to tell our future kids and grandkids, eh?”

I laughed, “It would be a great story, or even a side plot.”

Simon placed his hand over mine. “It would certainly make a colorful plot twist.” He looked at the commemoration table where a large picture of Uncle Wilton in his Navy uniform stood. “Looks like Uncle Wilton’s still helping you with your stories.”

A faint smile played on my lips, “Yeah, I guess he is.”

I looked up to heaven, “Thanks, Uncle Wilton.”