There is something worse than not making love to Alice, and that’s doing it when she’s in a bad mood. It doesn’t matter what she’s annoyed about; it might be something two days back or first thing that morning, it might not be about anything at all, just rooted in the unfathomable mysteries of Alice’s dear heart, but she’s completely consumed by it. And although taking her when she’s blazing with hate like this can be a turn-on, it’s a challenge not to be taken lightly, and one that encourages analysis as well as empathy. Not that you don’t enjoy it yourself but you’d have to be extraordinarily stupid to believe the contortions and gesticulations she instinctively comes up with to avoid being asked too many questions. There are impressive storms lurking behind that stubborn forehead, thunderclaps to make you shudder, and it doesn’t take much for them to break out; the tiniest lapse and her glaring indignation comes to roost in the crease of an eyebrow, but what was the lapse, when and why? One afternoon Emmanuel collapses on top of her panting, having teetered on the brink of death-by-orgasm only seconds before. Because yes, it has to be said, even in a filthy mood she’s still a prime receptacle, her thighs heartbreakingly soft, her muddle of blonde hair and those incisors laid bare in a half-open mouth. And counter-intuitively, counter to her wishes (I mean, why submit to a fake communion of souls when all you have to offer are furious imprecations?), she has quite a repertoire of hip gyrations that don’t really belong to someone harbouring a glowering temper. Maybe she pushes just a teensy bit less, to sow the seeds of doubt, to make you aware there’s a problem. However wily she may be, though, Alice doesn’t realize that it’s precisely this deliberate lethargy, this obvious grudgingness that actually makes you come. The feeling you’re taking her slightly against her will is so unusual that you find you’re obsessing about the escalating pleasure written on her face, and the fury this provokes in her – exactly like a rapist. She’ll hold back genuine proof of delight as long as she possibly can, trotting out only the crudest signs, the sort that make you want to slap her and crucify her with your cock, and suddenly the only reliable part of her body are her ears which just can’t help flushing red, unlike her shameless liar of pussy. Legend would have it that during lovemaking a woman’s parts have a life of their own, but you should see Alice’s when she’s made up her mind to take you for a ride – it’s enough to make you really hate women and their diabolical cleverness! They very soon realize their cries aren’t enough to fool you, and the bitches (and Alice is the most fascinating example of the genre) start faking the involuntary and utterly poetic contractions their insides make in the heat of battle. They imitate that indecipherable sort of Morse code, one sustained squeeze, two shorter ones, putting together the lie as if assembling a bouquet; and when the time comes not to reach orgasm, these paler-by-the-minute and pinker-by-the-minute, incomparable and insufferable actresses dig their nails into your arm and tighten their pussies in a single wonderful gulp that intensifies and, rather poignantly, locks tight at the end. Who can you trust then, if even the part of the body that’s meant to surrender first is in on the conspiracy? What a performance Alice puts on! What a feat of engineering, lubricated to perfection, complicated by the fact that she hates having a hump when she’s got the hump. How inhuman, when you come to think of it! Lying on a bed of deliciously tangled hair, she affects the agonizing swoon of a Bernini statue, the tendons in her thighs apparently strained to breaking point, her little stomach heaving helplessly in and out, her cheeks filling angrily with breath so she looks like a cute caricature of the Greek god of the wind. Alice gasps, she has the cheek to sigh “Yes, yes!”, tenses all her muscles and cavorts wildly on the mast that’s impaling her. You’d think she was on the brink of overdosing and having a heart attack at the same time. This is when Emmanuel realizes that, simulated though it may be, the masquerade had him all the way, the concept that she might not be experiencing pleasure is grotesque, she’s so exultant! Her half-open mouth produces throaty sort of gurglings that just can’t be faked, every inch of her undulating body exudes an intoxicating musky sweat and you can feel a jittery engine thrumming beneath her skin, the drum roll of her heels spurring you in the buttocks, her tunnel of wonders widening then clamping its gums like a newborn, every last bit of Alice holding its breath before the final spasm when she completely loses herself . . . and at the height of all this turbulence, just as Emmanuel comes, staring at her with bulging eyes, she opens hers, her blue liar’s eyes, her whore’s eyes, disgustingly calm and knowing, parked implacably between her eyelashes, and – amidst all that euphoria – they speak for her, saying she didn’t come, no, she didn’t come and you can go to hell. It’s like a bucket of cold water as he shoots his load, but there’s nothing for it now except to accept that she may be a manipulative bitch and a stupid cow rolled into one but she’s still just as fantastically fuckable; she can’t fake that or help herself, she can’t stop her little breasts bouncing or her cleft from making a slight squeal with each intrusion – whatever you do, Alice, however clever you may be, when it comes down to it you’re still just a nice hot hole with pretty bits and bobs moving about around it. That’s how to redress the balance a bit: as he leans into her forehead and comes, Emmanuel thinks and you can go to hell too. She really does ask to be insulted, this geisha who even imitates those exhausted, post-orgasmic gasps, apparently identifying the moment when he’s expelled the last drop and given the last sigh and when his anger at being conned is tussling half-heartedly with his pleasure, his undiminished pleasure. Once the curtain has fallen, though, the audience would be wasting their breath asking for an encore. Alice furiously pulls away from the weight bearing down on her, and lies there on her back, wide-eyed. And in those eyes are all the mysteries of the world with their non-Euclidian angles and their ungodly contours, impenetrable whichever way you approach them. She risks a sideways glance with a flicker of distant contempt for having been believed – because she herself believes in her strategies, she puts enough faith in them to feel they stand up on their own. Filthy little bitch. And then the miracle happens; in her efforts to heave a great sigh like a sulking child angling for consolation, Alice pushes out some of the scalding sperm that Emmanuel has resentfully surrendered to her. The sudden surprise on her face! She raises her long goat-kid legs, reaches out her hands and gently splays herself open, gliding one finger between the slippery surfaces and bringing it back out with an exasperating soft cork-like pop. Alice has forgotten her fury now, she’s lost in earnest contemplation of the ravaged playground, subjecting it to a series of swift suction movements. She’s like a lone little monkey at the top of a tree, fiddling with itself completely unnoticed; and just as Emmanuel, now drained of his strength, feels a fierce rage mounting, an ill-defined hatred for the girl and her fickleness, Alice throws herself back onto the pillows with a groan, grasping her petals of pink skin in both hands and – now reduced to a perfectly, intolerably bestial state – moans: “Oh, finish me off, finish me off!” 