„Stop it!” Emma squealed as Russell’s blows with the belt went from slaps with more noise than sting to ones that seared her skin, ones that would surely leave marks all over her pale backside. Normally she loved knowing that he wasn’t just spanking her in the moment, but was giving her a parting gift as well, something she tucked into her panties and skirts as she went to work or was reminded of as she sat down at a restaurant for lunch with a friend. The tinge of afterglow combined with being able to admire her ass were added bonuses to the thrill she got from being spanked, the rush of delicious sensation that she could rarely get enough of. Even on her most off days, when the world seemed askew, a spanking from Russell could set her mind at ease, could right her world. As wonderfully painful as they were, she balked, sitting up and shifting so she was sitting on the hotel bed. “They’re all going to know.” Yes, even at an alternative venue, Emma wanted to be liked and not judged, to fit in. She was all too used to feeling like the odd woman out for liking things like being spanked, slapped, tied up, choked and verbally degraded. She’d found a community of likeminded people who gave her the support she needed, who understood that after a long day she liked to come home and sometimes wear nothing but a collar. This was a new adventure for Emma and Russell, a welcome pleasure after eight years together. “Know that you like to be spanked? Honey, I’m sure they can tell just by looking at you,” Russell coaxed her. The idea of being “found out” in non-kinky company had always been something they’d talked about in bed, but now it wasn’t having its usual arousing effect on her. “And besides, so what? We’re adults and we’re at an adult resort. The point is to do whatever we want. And I know you want a spanking.” He was right; she did, very much so, and she knew he wasn’t talking about a simple over-the-knee hand spanking, but the kind of blistering session that made them both breathless, the type of spanking that fueled their relationship and, Emma thought, kept it solid and secure. Spanking was something they could always turn to – and did. But showing off her ass after a full round of Russell at his most vicious wasn’t on her agenda. The bruises and welts he tended to leave on her pale ass were special to her, marks of her endurance she treasured with pride, but they were for her to see in the mirror or him to admire around the house. She’d wanted to come here, but she was still feeling out the crowd, and didn’t want to jinx herself and be seen as separate because of her spanking predilection. Sure, most of these people maybe engaged in a few slaps before and during sex, but Emma liked it hard and rough. “Well, it’s fine for them to suspect, but I can’t walk around in a nudist hotel the way I normally do, with marks and bruises all over me. It’s one thing if I show off my tattoos or maybe bend too low and they see a bruise or a few lines so quickly they could almost think they imagined it, but what would these people think if they saw exactly how red you make my ass? They’re exhibitionists, sure, but that doesn’t mean they’re kinky. I don’t want to scare them.” Still, even as she said the word, the idea of scaring them filled her with a sense of excitement, a sense of power. She was an exhibitionist, but she was also a perfectionist and competitive at everything she did, from her job as a party planner to finding the best-tasting coffee in town. If she was going to do something, she wanted to be the best, and if you’re at a nude resort, the goal is not so much to have the mythical “perfect” body as to score the most attention. If Emma hadn’t known that when they walked in, she’d have figured it out from the parade of people, classically beautiful and not, strolling through the hotel in their altogether. The truth was, to really stand out in a place like this, you’d have to not just wear clothes but dress like Lady Gaga. Emma liked her size-ten body, liked the way it felt when she draped herself across Russell’s lap, liked how her large breasts bobbed as she walked around topless, as she had last night, their first at the resort. She’d been too nervous to go bottomless, but eating dinner in public with her tits hanging out had been freeing, and exciting, and they’d both enjoyed seeing so much naked flesh, whether they were interested in touching it or not. Russell had moved his seat next to Emma’s so they could whisper and discuss their fellow diners, and who they’d want to kiss or spank or fuck. “Fine, for tonight. No marks. But I’m not letting you go to dinner until I’ve enjoyed your ass, one way or another. What’ll it be, Em?” He was asking her if she wanted to get spanked or have him spread her cheeks and shove his cock deep into the hole he opened up there. She liked both of them, though spanking was her favorite. She’d never been spanked before meeting him save for a few light smacks, and those hadn’t done what his smacks did for her. Russell’s spankings were a work of art, from the way he teased her to the way he made her ass feel like it was coming alive under his hand. When she didn’t answer, he took her silence to mean she was letting him decide, and he bent her over the hotel bed, first stroking her pussy, then slapping her sweet spot, where her cheeks met. Emma used to make noise when he spanked her, thinking, based on previous experience, that that was what all men wanted, that that was what a true sub did. She’d thought that until Russell had ordered her to be quiet or he’d make her be quiet, and she’d realized that the act of suppressing her noises turned her on as much as holding off on coming when ordered to. She wasn’t just a spanking slut, but a glutton for being ordered around, told what to do, made to obey automatically. Even thinking about having to ask a question, knowing Russell would get to decide the answer, made her pussy clench whether she was in line at the drugstore or just waking up. So she stayed quiet as his hand swiftly beat her bottom, faster and faster, harder and harder. No matter how many times Russell did it, Emma found something new to enjoy about his smacks, and at that moment, if he’d dared to ask her, she’d have been so far gone in the pleasure of what he was doing she wouldn’t have cared about the marks. But Russell was true to his word, and he merely left her ass burning with heat that made its way to her cunt. He ignored that, telling her she’d get fucked when he was allowed to mark her. She smiled, an ironic, secret kind of smile, the kind only a fellow submissive or intuitive dominant would understand. It was a smile of delighted denial, a smile that promised her pleasure for obeying, or the pleasure of pain for disobeying. She sucked his cock on her knees, her heels pressed against her warm buttocks, knowing they wouldn’t last the whole vacation without her being marked. And then they ventured out into their first morning at the resort. Many of the guests at this hour were wearing swimsuits or some light form of clothing, fluttering white dresses blowing in the breeze, thong bikinis nestled between tight bottoms. Emma gasped when she saw a stunningly gorgeous woman, statuesque and curvy, with a mane of glossy, beautiful honey-blonde curls tumbling over her breasts. But it was when the woman turned around that Emma’s heart started to beat faster, because her ass looked like what Emma’s looked like after a particularly rough spanking session. There were dark stripes of red set against an overall paler shade of pink, as if the woman had gotten sunburned and then spanked, but the otherwise pale skin surrounding the redness told Emma otherwise. As they made their way to the buffet table, a tingle of excitement swept through Emma. There was something about being around so many naked people that made exhibitionism a whole different ball game. It was one thing to playfully flirt with having a wardrobe malfunction while on the subway, or to be the girl getting beaten the loudest and longest at a kinky play party, but when nudity was simply the norm, it made you notice all sorts of other things about people. Emma had trouble selecting from the sumptuous feast in front of them because she was so excited about having spied the woman. She didn’t consider herself bisexual exactly, but there’d been a few times in her life when the sight of a stunningly gorgeous woman had made her reconsider the label, or at least made her want to drop everything and immerse herself in the woman in question. Emma and Russell had agreed that, while they were mostly monogamous, and had only indulged with one other partner each in the time they’d been together, this vacation was their chance to be free, unfettered from their daily lives, including the constraint of monogamy. As long as they told each other what they were doing, they were free to indulge. So as Emma spooned some macaroni and cheese and salad onto her plate, she was already cooking up opening lines. She scanned the room for the woman, who was seated next to an older man with a bushy saltand-pepper beard. “Let’s sit over there,” she said to Russell, who was a few steps behind her. “Is this seat taken?” Emma asked, knowing it clearly wasn’t. The couple introduced themselves as Janet and Paul, and they chatted easily, as if they weren’t all sitting there topless. When Emma’s hand reached for Russell’s beneath the table, she also felt how hard he was, and that intimate knowledge made her squirm. She picked at her food and tried to sound intelligent as she patiently waited until there was an appropriate moment to ask Janet about the state of her ass. For all the flesh on display, it wasn’t like they were at an orgy, and the chatter around her was on much more mundane topics than belts versus paddles. Finally, they’d finished eating and Janet suggested she and Emma head over to the women’s spa and soak in the hot tub for a while. “You’ll be all right on your own, won’t you, honey?” asked Emma. At Russell’s nod, she went off with Janet, feeling her skin tingle before they’d even stripped down and planted themselves in the almost-scalding water. Emma couldn’t help but ask, “This doesn’t bother you? I mean, I noticed your marks . . .” She trailed off, hoping she hadn’t said too much. “Oh, those?” Janet said, laughing as her hair fell into the bubbling water. “Doesn’t hurt any more than it did getting them.” Emma let that sink in before saying, “I like it, too. Spanking. Getting spanked, I mean.” She laughed nervously. “I was actually worried about being too marked here. I didn’t know how kinky a place this was. I’ve been to a few swingers events, and every time, kink was definitely frowned upon. I didn’t want to be the odd girl out, and I actually stopped Russell from using anything too heavy this morning. And then I saw you . . .” Janet stood and thrust her ass out toward Emma for her to admire. They were the only ones in the spa, and when Janet said, “Go ahead, you can touch it.” Emma did, finding the woman’s skin warm to the touch. She cupped her palm around Janet’s perfectly lush curve, smiling as she saw up close exactly what Janet’s welts looked like. “I can take a lot,” she said. “I mean, I pay for it when I sit down, but it’s worth it. What about you?” Janet was as casual as if they were talking about knitting. “Me, too. We tend to only play to our limits on the weekends, when there’s some downtime to recover.” “What about here?” Janet asked, floating across the water so she was right in front of Emma, her lower lip jutting out and her lips parting in a way that even not-so-bi Emma could read as desire. “Did you come prepared?” “Yes,” Emma said, the word catching in her throat. “We have some equipment.” She swallowed, suddenly light-headed, her pussy throbbing. “Do you only play together, or does he ever loan you out?” The way she asked made Emma’s whole body tingle with the assumption that Russell owned her. “We’re allowed extracurricular activities, though mostly I’m just with him. It’s so intense that . . . well, most other people don’t tempt me. But that doesn’t mean I wouldn’t.” “Wouldn’t what?” Janet asked as she leaned in and before Emma could even think of an answer she was kissing her, her tongue sliding easily between her lips, hot and seeking. Janet pressed herself right up against Emma, mashing her into the edge of the hot tub. Emma gave herself over to the kiss, and to Janet’s knee pressing against her pussy. “Wouldn’t . . . I don’t even know, actually.” “Wouldn’t let me spank you?” Janet’s words hung in the air. “Just because I can take a lot doesn’t mean I can’t dish it out. I don’t top too often but this ass—” she reached down to grab it “—would be an honor to spank.” Emma smiled at her, still stunned at how fast this was moving. “I’d like that. A lot,” she said, realizing that in all her time with Russell, no one else had given her anything more than a light slap on the ass. And she’d never played like that with a woman. Emma was a good eight inches shorter than Janet, petite to Janet’s tall, commanding presence. From the way Janet leaned down and sucked on her lower lip, then shifted to her neck, sinking her teeth in, Emma had a feeling Janet would rival Russell in her spanking ability. They made it out of the hot tub, drying off with the sumptuous extra-large towels. When Emma reached for a robe, Janet tugged it out of her hand. “You don’t need it here,” she said, then squeezed Emma’s cheek. That pressure alone was enough to make her twitch. Emma thought about calling Russell on their way back to the room, but she removed her hand from the phone she clutched. She wanted Janet for herself, wanted to see what it was like to be spanked by this aggressive, sexy woman, before sharing her with Russell. The idea of Russell watching was exciting, but she didn’t want to feel like she was putting on a show, the way she sometimes did at the play parties they attended. She liked showing off, but only under the right circumstances. Emma shivered as they walked, noticing the envious stares, from men as well as women, when Janet put her arm around her, her hand resting on Emma’s hip. Emma’s fingers trembled as she inserted the key in the lock, and she took deep breaths to center herself. “Relax,” Janet whispered in her ear. “I’d say I don’t want to hurt you but, well . . . you know. I want to make you happy, though. I want to give you what you need, what you deserve, Emma. Why don’t you show me your toys?” Janet’s voice was calm but inviting, almost soothing. Emma pulled out their toy box and showed Janet a fraction of the kinky implements they owned; the ones that offered the most bang for the buck and were easy to travel with. Janet held up a wooden paddle with holes in it as well as a shiny red-leather slapper and the old standby, a solid hairbrush that Emma had never used on her hair. “Do you want to get over my knee?” Janet asked, her tone respectful but, Emma sensed, not for much longer. “Yes,” Emma said, caught somewhere between nerves and confidence. She wasn’t scared that she wouldn’t be able to take what Janet dished out, or that she wouldn’t like it. Her fears were more amorphous, more about opening this Pandora’s box. “It’s going to hurt, Emma, and it’s going to mark you. You have to be ready for that,” Janet said as Emma settled herself across the naked woman’s lap, her hair draping down toward the ground, her legs sticking out in the air. “Your safe word is spa.” Emma committed the word to memory, testing out the start of it, the hissing of the sp against her lips, making sure it was nestled somewhere at the back of her mind in case she needed to call it forth. She settled herself until she got comfortable, murmuring a confirmation. And then there was the first blow, rougher than Russell usually started out with, one that startled her into paying full attention. There was no Russell, no concern about what any of the guests would think, not even, except remotely, concern about what she herself would think. Emma’s focus was on Janet, on making sure she was good for her. And that was clearly Janet’s focus, too, as she praised her with “Good girl,” before using her right hand to deliver loud, stinging slaps, and then turning to the hairbrush. The blows were brisk and stern; Emma realized quickly that Janet was stronger than she looked. She wasn’t tasked with counting, the way Russell often made her, and she sank into the sensation of the spanking, the feel of every blow on her skin, which was still just tender enough from earlier to feel the sensation doubly. Emma was quiet, her quaking silent and internal, until she couldn’t keep it in anymore. “Ow,” she cried out, receiving a harder blow next. Her next cries weren’t words, merely screams, ones that made the smacks feel even better, helping her get through them in the same way she grunted when lifting a heavy weight at the gym. When Janet cupped her hand again against Emma’s hot ass and dug her long, sharp nails briefly into her skin, Emma whimpered. Janet picked up the paddle and smacked her on the border where her upper thigh met her ass. Emma knew she was getting wet, but she was too focused on her ass to care. The next blows were even fiercer, and Emma felt tears starting to fall as stuttering moans left her lips. “Do you want me to stop, Emma?” Janet asked, pausing in her ministrations to stroke Emma’s upper back. “Or should I get something else out of your toy box?” “Something else,” Emma said, her face heating up as she admitted that she wanted more. Janet lifted Emma and placed her face down on the bed, then slid her red silk eye mask over her eyes. “You just lie there and wait for me. Actually, spread those legs enough so I can see your pussy.” Just as Emma was obeying her, she heard a fumbling at the door. If she hadn’t had the blindfold on, she’d have given Janet a stricken look, but Janet simply pushed her head down and said, “Stay there, or your spanking ends. In fact, spread your legs even wider. I think Russell will want to see how pretty your lips look.” Emma sucked in a deep breath and did spread her legs. Janet moved toward the door and she heard only whispers before Janet laughed and said, “Come in, come in, you guys are just in time.” So Paul was still with Russell. “You don’t mind waiting until I’m done, do you? Honey, Emma was admiring my ass – very good job, sweetie – and apparently decided she needed to match me. Beautiful, isn’t she?” Janet said and, as she did so, Emma felt a blow from the riding crop greet her ass. They’d shifted from the wider heads to this crop, with its smaller, and therefore more stinging tip, one that Janet took full advantage of. The blows were more concentrated, striking one small section of Emma’s ass and making her bite her lip before moving on to another equally tender spot. “Don’t clench your cheeks, Emma; you won’t get to really feel it that way, and I know you like to feel it. Doesn’t she, Russell?” “Oh, yes,” he said, and she could hear the grin in his voice. Janet kept on striking her, occasionally making forays to her upper thighs and once or twice tapping at her pussy, which made more of the squeaking whimpers escape Emma’s lips. “Want a turn?” Janet asked, handing the crop to one of the men. Emma wasn’t sure which, even when the first very strong blow landed. She was too busy sucking the two fingers Janet had inserted into her mouth, pulling them as deep as she could, trying not to bite as the blows got harder and harder, ones she knew were leaving behind reminders on her skin that would be there throughout the trip. Emma sucked harder and harder on Janet’s fingers as the crop kept going and going, until finally she felt it ease away from her ass, the leather meandering down one leg, tickling the ball of a foot, then pressing against her pussy in a way that made her throb. “What do you think, Russell?” Janet asked as she eased her fingers out of Emma’s mouth. Emma was grateful for the eye mask, because she wasn’t sure she could handle seeing her husband and the man and woman they’d just met that afternoon seeing her in such a state. “Stunning. My Emma’s such a good girl, isn’t she? I hope you don’t mind, but I think I can take over from here.” “Not at all,” Janet said, and Emma wondered if he was going to keep spanking her, and wondered if she could take it. In moments, he was on top of her, his skin warm from the sun as he whispered in her ear. “You’re amazing, do you know that? I had no idea you had that in you. I’m going to reward you now, baby,” he said and then just like that, he was sliding his cock inside her. She didn’t care that Janet and Paul were watching, not after what they’d just seen. Well, she did care, actually, she found out as she heard them kissing. She cared enough to get even wetter as Russell shifted them so she was on top and he held her ass cheeks, pulling them in a way that surely bared her asshole, not to mention made her hot cheeks even hotter. He kissed her fiercely, like they’d been apart for weeks rather than hours. Emma whimpered some more as she came, the intensity hitting her all at once. Russell, who wasn’t usually one to make much noise at the moment of climax, let out a roar in Emma’s ear. When he went to remove the eye mask, she shook her head, keeping it on as she nestled into him, curling her body toward him as she breathed into the pillow and a few stray tears trickled down her face. After Emma had had some time to recover, they decided to head out for cocktails at the bar. The air was bordering on cool, but still pleasant enough that they could go in their birthday suits, which is precisely what they did. Emma had to resist the urge to keep reaching for her ass, feeling the raised skin, the heat that had stayed with her, stroking her flesh like it was a kinky kind of Braille she could use to read how much of a pain slut she was. The marks were something she could carry with her, claim utterly and completely as hers. They branded her as a woman who could take a mean spanking, whether she liked it or not. Emma liked that they invited speculation, and now that she’d gotten used to it, she welcomed the stares. It was like having a particularly bold tattoo, or, in her case, five, the kind people can’t look away from, yet more powerful. Their eyes, even in such a sensual setting, were drawn her way and instead of the judgement she’d expected, there was desire, admiration, respect and curiosity. She could see the questions as they were being raised on people’s faces, and she liked having the power to answer them, or not answer and just let them guess. Walking hand in hand between Janet and Russell, with Paul on Janet’s other side, Emma knew they were attracting attention, all of them nude, the women with matching red bottoms. And this time she stood tall, claiming every marker of who she was, what she wanted. If anything, maybe she could be a kind of spanking ambassador and inspire some other attendees to bend over themselves. Either way, she was looking forward to the rest of the stay, and the marks she’d take with her on her way home. 