Silya clutched the brown hair on Varick’s chest, using it to gain leverage as she thrashed atop of him. She was skinny, but strong, and one of the few girls he’d been with who could take the whole of him inside her. Part of it, he knew, was the aphrodilium coursing through both their veins; it enhanced sensitivity, somehow turned pain into pleasure. Varick’s chest was bleeding where she’d clawed him and torn tufts of hair out, yet the sensation only added to the euphoric energy radiating from his loins. He bit at one of the pale breasts in front of him, hooking the nipple between his eye-teeth. She gasped and clutched her legs and pussy tighter around him. He groaned and his hips started thrusting upward, in sync with her lunges. She grabbed to his chest tighter and hooked her toes under his thighs, all the while gripping him with her legs and riding him like a bull. All the way up his shaft she’d slide, to the tip of his cock, then slam down onto him again, never letting him pull out of her. When she came, it was violent: her stomach muscles convulsed, stretching the skin taut. It always set him off. Even as she stiffened and her eyes rolled back into her head, he grasped her waist over her ribs; the muscles inside her contracted around his cock in pulsating waves like she was having a seizure; her knees drove into his kidneys; her fingernails gouged chunks of skin from his chest. He grabbed her ass with his meaty hands and drove up into her with three great thrusts. Her scream, his deep growl, the slapping of their moist skin together with each collision, echoed off the stone walls of the cellar-like room. When the white euphoria faded from Varick’s eyes and he could think again, Silya was slumped onto him, her head rising with each monstrous breath he took. He was still inside her and could feel warm liquid draining into his fur – partly his own seed, partly her plentiful juices. Gods, she’s good, he thought, wishing once again he could convince her to leave this place with him. Every time he brought it up, though, she’d just say, our place is here, my big stupid bear. He wasn’t stupid, and she knew it, but everyone else thought so; that came with the turf being as big as he was and employed as Silya’s hired muscle to boot. A sudden pain shot through Varick’s head, and he squeezed his eyes shut. The marks on his chest stung, he realized, and his breath came in short gasps. The phone in the corner started ringing, compounding the pressure building behind his eyes. Varick had a vague recollection of it ringing while they’d been fucking. ‘Silya. Silya. The phone’s ringing.’ Varick lifted his head and shook her, but she didn’t respond. His breath became tighter, and a sickening feeling filled his stomach. He slid out from under her and laid her gently onto her back. He felt her unmoving chest, shook her again, saw the blue hue of her lips. A cramp arced through his side and he cried out, partly in pain, partly from the realization that Silya was dead. The phone was still ringing in the corner. He lunged off the bed mat to snatch the receiver. ‘What?’ ‘Varick? Don’t take the aphrodilium. It’s tainted.’ It was Dardanio, Silya’s associate. ‘Too late,’ Varick gasped, his chest getting tighter. ‘Silya’s dead.’ The line was silent for a moment before Dardanio responded. ‘Alright, you have a vitropine kit. Get it.’ Varick crawled back toward the bed mat, the receiver still in hand. He swatted away the spent aphrodilium syringe from where it lay on the floor and dug through their pile of clothing until he found the silver metal box. He dropped the phone receiver to open the case and prep the shot. Once the syringe was full, he pointed the needle upward and pushed the plunger until it started to squirt, then picked up the phone again. ‘Alright. Just stick it into her heart?’ ‘It’s not going to do her any good, you oaf! Do yourself. We’ll take care of her afterward.’ ‘Right.’ Varick dropped the phone. He’d done this a dozen or more times on customers who’d overdosed, but his head was swimming right now, his blood beating in his ears. Spittle was dribbling down from the corners of his mouth into his beard and he knew he was about to lose control. He let himself fall to the bed mat beside Silya and raised the syringe with both hands. He put both thumbs over the plunger and drove the needle down into his chest. Lightning pain seared through his body. His back arched impossibly and he screamed as his vision went red. Some time later the voice on the telephone brought him back to his senses. ‘Varick…Varick?’ Varick yanked out the needle protruding from his chest and grabbed the phone. ‘I’m here.’ ‘Good. Now get dressed. You have to get Silya to a virilis demon.’ ‘Are you out of your fucking mind?’ Varick growled, anger burning away the fog of pain. ‘We’ll take her to a necromancer to be reanimated. There’s one near the harbor. Meet me there with enough money in twenty minutes.’ ‘Goddamnit, Varick, use that pea-brain of yours! I told you the aphrodilium’s tainted. That means someone wants us and our customers dead. You know as well as I do there’s only one person…’ Majid. Varick knew better than to say the name over the phone. ‘He’ll have his men watching all the necromancers,’ Dardanio continued. ‘They’ll be ready to finish off whoever the aphrodilium didn’t kill.’ ‘I’m not afraid of his goons.’ ‘I am. And I’m the one with the money.’ ‘You craven piece of shit.’ ‘I’m a craven piece of shit that will have a long and prosperous life, because I know when to stay hidden away. Now get Silya to a virilis demon so I can get my partner back and figure out what –’ Varick hung up on him. Dardanio was in charge of finances, and the spineless bastard knew Silya didn’t keep enough money lying around to pay a necromancer. Varick certainly didn’t carry enough cash. Fuck him! Varick had his own resources. He’d brought in more than a couple of costumers which he dealt with exclusively, a few rich ones he’d sold the new batch of aphrodilium to that morning, in fact. If he could catch one of them before they took a hit and warn them… He picked up the phone and dialed the first number. No one answered. The second number was the same. The third also. The last call someone answered, but it was some frantic woman, not his customer. He slammed down the phone, shattering the plastic receiver. ‘Fuck!’ Kroken the virilis demon was a vile piece of shit. One could usually find him in a corner of the Jade Tavern, swilling whiskey and cheating at cards with whoever was idiot enough to play him. Anyone who called him on his cheating got their heads ripped from their shoulders. The girls that he killed – and sometimes males he really wanted to make suffer – he would drag outside to a back alley to have his way with. None of them ever came back to the Jade Tavern. The barkeep only tolerated Kroken because he paid for the whiskey and because he didn’t want his own head ripped off. The demon eagerly agreed to the small amount of money Varick had to offer him when Varick whispered into his ear who he needed reanimated. Silya and Varick frequented the Jade Tavern often enough, and Kroken always leered at her and made crude propositions she would brush away with her playful quips. As sick as it made him feel to let Kroken have her now, Varick knew he had little choice. It was this or permanent death for Silya. Under normal circumstances, Varick would never lead anyone to the basement room hidden beneath Silya’s pawnshop – the front for her real business. It wasn’t the sort of information a dealer wanted to be known, especially by someone like Kroken, but Varick had no intention of letting the demon walk out alive again, let alone spread word of where Silya lived. Varick had hidden everything away in the room and placed Silya on the bed mat with the covers over her. When he led Kroken down, the demon ripped the blankets away and kneeled to look over her naked body. He ran a long nailed finger up the slit in her mound then stuck it in his mouth before turning to smirk at Varick. ‘I’ll wait upstairs until you’re done,’ Varick said, turning to go. ‘No. You’ll watch. That’s part of the deal. I want to you to see her squirm when I stick it in her cunny.’ Varick merely nodded and crossed his arms, not trusting himself to speak. Kroken smirked again then shed his leather vest and trousers. His member was already hard – bulbous and veiny, and mottled black and red like the rest of his skin. Short, black, wiry hair bristled from his well-defined chest and above his cock. He was tall, almost as big as Varick, but with muscles like rocks, not an ounce of fat or softness on him. He grabbed both of Silya’s ankles in one hand and lifted her legs up so he could kneel in front of her. ‘Are you watching?’ he asked as he spat on his hand then rubbed it on his cock. He jammed it in her straight away, not bothering to spread her lips to ease the entry, and her body slid forward on the bed mat, neck craned sideways. ‘They don’t move around much at first, but the magic button usually gets ’em going.’ Varick clenched his jaw tighter, but said nothing as Kroken snorted down a mouthful of snot and let it drip from his lips onto her mound. The demon started working her clit with one finger, while continuing to thrust in and out of her. It was imperceptible at first, but color slowly returned to Silya’s face and her limbs stopped flopping lifelessly. After a while, a small moan escaped from her lips and her fingers moved under their own power. Varick stepped forward, but could see she was still not breathing, not alive yet. Kroken continued pounding her, spitting onto his cock whenever it got too dry. When Silya’s legs showed signs of life, the demon let go of them to fall to either side of him. Still she didn’t breathe and her eyes weren’t open, but her hips started rocking and stomach muscles working. ‘She’s almost there,’ Kroken shouted. ‘Are you ready for the grand finale?’ He pulled his cock out, spit on it again, then lifted one of Silya’s legs up and off to the side. ‘No,’ Varick yelled. ‘Yesss,’ Kroken hissed, grabbing his cock with one hand and forcing it into Silya’s ass. ‘YES!’ His first lunge was slow, but each successive one faster, more powerful. His hips became a blur. Silya’s body arched back. She drew in a deep breath and then she was screaming. Kroken roared. Black fluid spurted from Silya’s ass during his last two thrusts, then he pulled out and sprayed more of his black semen, or whatever the fuck he had, all over her. Varick already had the handgun out and aimed. He waited only to make sure that Silya was living. The moment she took another breath and opened her eyes, he squeezed the trigger. The shot knocked Kroken off the bed mat, but he was back on his feet almost immediately. ‘Fool! You think you can kill me with a fucking gun?’ Varick unloaded the gun on him, every shot in the face. Kroken reeled back into the wall and slumped to the ground. Varick threw aside the gun and was on him in an instant, pinning him against the wall with one foot and looping a garrotte around the demon’s manhood. Kroken opened his eyes just in time to see Varick yank on both ends of the cord, severing his balls and member. They flipped up into the air briefly before hitting the floor with a slap. Kroken gasped. Smoke curdled from his mouth and nostrils and Varick barely had time to move away before his body burst into a fit of flames. The demon burned quickly, leaving only a pile of soot, and thankfully setting nothing in the room on fire. When it was done, Varick turned to Silya who sat trembling on the bed mat. She was covered in the demon’s mess and she had shit all over the bedding. Varick was disgusted, but he moved to comfort her anyway. When he got close she smacked him. ‘A fucking virilis demon?’ Varick got them a motel room with the money he stole back from Kroken’s trousers. Once Silya was cleaned up and Varick explained all that had happened she wasn’t so mad at him. ‘Majid sold us out,’ she told him from where she sat on the bed, wearing only a t-shirt and panties. ‘But why kill your best dealers?’ It still didn’t make sense to Varick. ‘Because we refused to deal his new product. Orgasm.’ ‘O,’ Varick echoed. ‘A crap name. You couldn’t have an orgasm if you tried when you’re high on that shit. You lose touch with your body, and it’s too easy to OD.’ ‘Ah, that’s why I love you,’ Varick said. ‘You’re the only drug dealer I know with scruples.’ ‘I only sell products I believe in. Aphrodilium makes fucking better and it just so happens that I like fucking.’ ‘Yeah, well the shit isn’t any good when it’s poisoned.’ Silya shrugged. ‘It was good fucking before I died.’ Varick didn’t laugh. She was taking her death too lightly, probably because she was still in shock. The whole thing was starting to make a little sense, though. Silya and Dardanio were Majid’s biggest sellers. If they wouldn’t carry the O, the other dealers would be hesitant too. Majid would have known that sending out a bad batch of aphrodilium would at the least kill Silya, and maybe Dardanio, not to mention a couple dozen of their aphrodilium users. Word of that would get out on the streets, tainting aphrodilium’s reputation, and there’d be even less competition for O. If it was true, Dardanio had probably been right; Majid would have hit men out to finish off Silya and Dardanio and make sure they weren’t reanimated. ‘Fucking Dardanio.’ ‘There’s nothing more he could have done,’ Silya told him. ‘We have to find him before Majid does.’ ‘Majid can have him. We’re done with this business. I’m getting you out of town.’ Silya glared at him. ‘I pay you, remember? I’m the fucking boss. You do what I say.’ ‘When it suits me. And right now it suits me to make sure you’re safe.’ ‘You think we’ll be safe just because we leave town? Majid has a long reach. There’ll be killers after us as long as he lives. If men don’t succeed, he’ll send wolves or dipsas. As long as he lives.’ Varick took a deep breath. ‘You want me to kill him.’ ‘I want him dead. I didn’t mean it had to be you.’ ‘Who else?’ She didn’t answer. ‘When I’ve killed him, we’re leaving. We’re getting your money from Dardanio and leaving. If Daradanio objects, I’ll kill that fucking cock-sucker too and we’ll take all the money.’ He went to the door, but she grabbed him before he could leave and pulled his face down to hers. ‘Can my furry bear kill Majid?’ she asked between kisses. ‘He’s a moroi.’ Varick pulled away from her, before he got hard. ‘Your bear knows how to kill fucking vampires.’ ***** The Pleasure Den was a monstrous neon oasis in the middle of a dilapidated city: part titty-bar, part dance club, part casino, and, if you knew the right things to say to the bouncers, part drug-den and brothel. Majid was the owner and operator. He had his own private suite to entertain lovers and a voracious appetite for teenagers – girls and boys alike – if the rumors were true. Word was that no one could resist his charm when he took a fancy to them. Varick had heard that he took Dardanio as an occasional lover, and that he’d had Silya as well. Silya denied ever fucking him, but Varick wouldn’t put it past her. She was young for having risen so high in the ranks. The place was well guarded. Armed security guards stood at every entrance, the bouncers inside were packing stun guns, cameras were everywhere, and then there were the undercover guards, mulling about in street clothes, drinking and dancing with the other partygoers. Even if sneaky was Varick’s strong point, he had no chance of getting inside unnoticed, so he did the next best thing: walked through the front door. The guards paid him no heed and he made his way across the casino floor to the bar he always went to when Silya met with Majid. He ordered his usual, a giant draught of honey ale, and sat there for a moment to make sure the cameras got a good look at him. When he finished draining his ale, he went to the brothel entrance. Again, the guards wordlessly let him pass, though they patted him down as was their custom. The Madame smiled when she saw him enter the lounge and glided over to take his hand. She was older and wore too much make-up, but had huge breasts that were pressed up and together by her gown and she was not unattractive. Two whores lounged in velvet chairs to his left. One wore a sheer gown of silk that hardly concealed her overly firm fake tits. The other was a redhead and looked more natural, though she wore a more modest nightgown and it was hard to tell for sure. They were attractive, but whores didn’t interest him. ‘The Bear has finally come to lose himself between the legs of one of my girls,’ the Madame said. ‘Shall I summon them all for your choosing, or did you already have a particular one in mind? Me, perhaps?’ ‘Maybe another time. I’m here to speak with Majid.’ She smiled, but the disappointment in her eyes was obvious. She led him past the waiting whores and the ornate staircase leading upstairs to the bedrooms, to the far end of the lounge where two more guards stood before a set of double doors. They frisked him, more thoroughly than the others, and when they were satisfied, let him pass. The room beyond was dim, occupied by twenty or so of Majid’s honored guests, sitting on luxurious floor cushions, or on stools at the bar. Sitar music played quietly in the background. Tapestries adorned the walls. In the center of the room sat Majid himself. He looked up when Varick entered and for a split second Varick thought he saw a flicker of surprise on his face. He thought I would be dead, or not so bold if still alive. The moroi was cool, though. If he was surprised he quickly recovered and showed no other sign of it. He smiled as he stood and made his way to Varick with inhuman grace. His teeth and eyes shone brightly against the backdrop of his olive skin. ‘Welcome, my dear Varick. To what do I owe the honor of your visit?’ ‘I’d hoped to have a word with you.’ ‘Of course. Come. Sit with me.’ Varick scanned the room as Majid led him to the expansive cushion in the center of the room. There were no uniformed guards, but he knew at least four of the guests would be bodyguards, definitely armed, probably in body armor. He’d never be able to kill the moroi before they pumped him full of lead. He’d have to get Majid alone. ‘So,’ Majid said, ‘have you grown tired of Silya’s charms?’ ‘In a sense. She’s no longer able to satisfy me.’ Majid merely shrugged, and placed a hand on Varick’s leg. ‘We all grow tired of our lovers eventually. That’s why I have so many. I hope the split won’t effect your working arrangement.’ ‘I don’t think it’ll be possible for me to work with her again,’ Varick told him, but the words seemed to mean nothing to the moroi. All Majid did was frown slightly. ‘She’s dead to me,’ Varick added. ‘That bad of a fallout, hmm?’ Majid crooned. The moroi rubbed Varick’s leg, and Varick felt overcome with sudden doubt. Either Majid had no idea Silya was dead, or he was playing him a fool. ‘Perhaps you can work for me, hmm?’ Majid continued. ‘I can think of many things the Bear could do in my service. You seem nervous. Tense. Maybe we should talk in private. Hmm?’ Varick was sweating. He’d hoped to get Majid alone, but this was too easy. Is he falling right into my hands, or am I falling into his? All Varick trusted himself to do was nod. Majid smiled, then took one of Varick’s hands and led him across the floor. Varick wanted to pull his hand free, to not be led through the room like a doe-eyed girl by this man a full foot and a half shorter than him, but he couldn’t make his hand let go. His feet were moving unbidden. He looked up and saw the moroi gazing back at him. Once he made eye contact, he couldn’t tear his eyes away. It was like staring into the eyes of a god. He was lost in infinitely brown eyes. He could feel himself falling deeper. He has me, Varick realized in a panic. He has no fear of me. Anger welled up inside of him. The brown eyes were trying to swallow him, and in the periphery he could sense that the music and people were gone, that he was lying down and that Majid was undressing him. Euphoria enveloped him, and for a brief moment he almost gave in – or was it longer? – he couldn’t be sure – time lost all relevance – he felt so warm – was this what it felt like to be on O? – was there a reason he was fighting it? – and then he remembered Silya lying on the bed mat dead and Kroken defiling her body, and his rage welled up in him again. He willed his senses to reawaken, his eyes to break free of oblivion. He regained consciousness with a roar that died in his throat. He was lying naked on a bed and Majid was lying between his legs, sucking his rock hard dick. The moroi looked shocked at first to see Varick staring at him, but then his eyes widened with desire and he went to work on Varick’s cock with even more vigour. Varick froze with fear. He dared not move with those vampire cuspids on his manhood. With one hand Majid was stroking the base of his cock, with the other he was cupping his balls and massaging the soft skin behind them, and with his tongue… Varick collapsed backward and grabbed the headboard with both hands. He was horrified at the thought of being pleasured by a man, of being used by this fucking vampire, yet he couldn’t believe how good it felt. Majid moved both hands to Varick’s cock and worked the tip with his mouth. ‘No one has ever broke free,’ he panted between slurps and tongue curls. ‘You will be the first to have me. You, the Bear, will take me.’ Sudden understanding washed over Varick. He’s seduced hundreds, he’s fucked them, but never been fucked. He wasted not an instant. He grabbed Majid’s thick mane of hair in one hand and shoved down, burying his cock in the moroi’s throat. When he felt him gag, he yanked his head up into the air and stared him in the eye. Varick still held tightly to the headboard with his other hand. ‘I’m gonna fuck you now.’ Majid nodded eagerly. ‘Yesss.’ Without warning, Varick yanked Majid to the side of the bed by the hair, and with his other hand snapped off a section of the bedpost and slammed it into the moroi’s heart. Majid gasped and shook his head slowly as he looked up at Varick. ‘Why?’ ‘Because you tried to kill Silya.’ ‘No, no, no,’ the moroi said. ‘Not…Kill…Silya…’ Varick sat back and watched as Majid died, repeating ‘no’ over and over again. Varick had never known a man to lie while in the throes of death, and he was overcome with an unsettling feeling. It wasn’t remorse; if for nothing else, the bastard deserved death for trying to rape him. No, it was that none of this added up. Majid never once let on he knew Silya was dead, and he wasn’t that good an actor. Varick had caught him off guard twice. No, he knew nothing about the tainted aphrodilium or Silya dying. Who else then? The answer was obvious enough. Dardanio. He was the one who called and told Varick to take Silya to a virilis demon. He would have known she’d send Varick after Majid. But who does he want dead? Me or Majid? It could have been one or both, and now that Varick thought about it, he realized he was far from out of harm’s way. He was still in Majid’s lair, and once someone realized what had happened, every god-damned guard in the place would be after him. He hopped from the bed, grabbed his clothes, and surveyed the room. There was only one door, the one leading back into the private bar lounge, but also a security monitor screen at a desk. He went to the monitor and toggled through the security camera feeds while putting on his trousers. There were a half dozen feeds from the casino, one at each of the eight bars, two in one of the men’s restrooms, one in the brothel lounge, two in the private bar lounge, three in the drug den, one in a control room…Varick stopped and looked closer at the screen. There were guards in the control room and someone else. Dardanio. They were looking at their own monitors. Varick toggled the switch again and saw himself on the screen. He looked up at the ceiling, and sure enough, there was a camera in the corner, a little black half-circle eye in the sky. Varick moved for the door, but it opened before he got there. It wasn’t a guard that stepped into the doorway, though. It wasn’t Dardanio. It was Silya. She leveled a gun at him. His gun. The door closed behind her as she stepped inside the room. She was wearing her work clothes. Black leather pants and tight tank top. No bra. She’d learned a long time ago she had the upper hand when a customer or enemy was preoccupied staring at her tits. ‘Silya. What are you doing here?’ For an answer she shot him. He fell back onto the floor, more out of shock than pain. The bullet had missed his heart, only pierced one of his lungs, and he was able stay up on one elbow. ‘I knew you could do it, my big stupid bear,’ she said, walking closer. ‘Dardanio didn’t believe me, but I told him you would.’ Varick felt sick. ‘Majid never tried to kill you.’ ‘Of course not. He was too vain to realize he should have killed me. But we taught him a little lesson about that, didn’t we? Did he take you in the ass before you killed him?’ She glanced at Majid’s corpse, and saw that it was still clothed. ‘Impressive.’ She yanked Varick’s arm out from beneath him and he crumpled to the floor. ‘Why?’ he groaned. ‘Because, you stupid bear. Majid has no second in command, no heirs. Dardanio is next in the line of succession to inherit his empire.’ ‘Fuck Dardanio.’ ‘Dardanio’s my partner. He’s practically raised me in this business.’ ‘Fuck Dardanio,’ Varick grunted again. ‘He’s a fucking pussy. I love you.’ Silya smiled. ‘And I love the way you fuck me. For that, I’ll make this moment sweet for the both of us.’ She threw aside the gun and pulled a zipper pouch from the back pocket in her pants. She opened it and prepped the syringe, then shot him up with aphrodilium. ‘The last of the tainted batch,’ she said as she unlaced her pants and slid them down her slender white legs. She wore no panties, and her clean-shaved mound was still pink from her earlier encounters that day. Varick was already hard when she yanked his trousers away. She teased him, though. Licked at him first, barely brushing the tip of his cock with her tongue. Then she danced slowly over him, lowering her swaying hips, almost touching her pussy to his cock, then his face, letting him smell her. She pulled her shirt up, exposing her flat, muscled stomach, but she wouldn’t bare her tits for him. She knew how he loved them. She hovered back towards his cock and lowered herself onto his legs, then slid her mound across his cock so that it pressed up against his stomach. She got wet then, and could hold out no longer. She slid down onto him, began rocking her hips. He couldn’t help but breathe in deeply. He hiccupped blood, but the aphrodilium had washed away the pain of his gunshot wound. He let his head fall back and closed his eyes, trying to remind himself she had betrayed him. Used him. Was trying to fucking kill him. ‘Wasn’t I good to you?’ ‘Too good,’ she panted. ‘Too stupid. I don’t need a fucking knight in shining armour to steal me away.’ She licked her finger and jammed it into the bloody hole in his chest. It hurt like hell, even through the aphrodilium, and with that, whatever feelings he had for her were swept away. He grabbed her arms and rolled over with a grunt, so that he was on top. Still, she never let him come out of her. Now he was doing the thrusting, though. Her legs flopped up in the air as he drove into her. He could feel the pressure building in his balls and at the base of cock. The fucking vampire blowjob had been a horrible tease, and he felt ready to explode. He ripped her shirt away and sucked at one of her tits. She wrapped her legs around him and pulled him into her harder. ‘That’s right, my big stupid bear. Fuck me hard when you die.’ Varick could feel the blood rage overtaking him. ‘You stupid bitch. I am a bear.’ ‘Yes, my big stupid bear. Fuck me harder.’ The hair on his arms and chest was standing on end, and he knew he was losing control. ‘I’m a fucking berserkr,’ he tried warning her. ‘Your poison won’t kill me.’ It was too late, though. She was gasping and her cunt muscles clenching around his cock. He let himself go as he exploded inside her. He heard himself roar and that was the last thing he remembered. When he regained consciousness he was covered in blood. He was no longer in Majid’s room, but rather in the casino. The mangled corpses of two dozen guards were strewn about him and Dardanio’s messily severed head was lying at his feet. All the guests had fled and Varick was the only living person in the Pleasure Den as far as he could see. He thought of going back to Majid’s room, but decided he didn’t want to see what he’d done. It’d been almost five years since he’d last let himself shape shift. He didn’t like losing control, but Silya had left him no choice. He’d tried to take her away, but she wanted nothing of it, and never really wanted him, he knew now. Varick looked his naked body over. He had a couple of gunshot wounds, but they’d heal, just as the one Silya had given him already had. He didn’t even feel the aftereffects of the tainted aphrodilium. A sudden commotion to his left caught his attention, and he turned to see the Madame and a couple of half naked whores burst from the door leading to the brothel. They screamed and ran when they saw him. He could do nothing but laugh. Even whores were afraid of a berserkr. What’s the matter? You said you wanted the fucking bear.