Sometimes in the early morning hours, Rutger insisted on fucking Julie on the stage. “It is good for business,” he told her. “Not every night, not even very often. Just now and then to keep the suckers wondering if it will happen or not. Keep them coming back.” She objected the first two times, but her resistance only enflamed the drunken crowd and after that she decided that allowing Rutger to fuck her, usually from behind, was only another form of dance. “Everyone in Berlin is a whore, darling,” Rutger told her, “but you are also an artist. It is not like I want to fuck you,” he persisted. “You know I prefer men and big women, but the Mandrake Club’s reputation will suffer if we do not sometimes offer things to our audience that they cannot easily see at a dozen cabarets on the street.” Julie did not bother to tell him that most of the cabarets near Friedrichstrasse offered similar fare, along with girls fucking girls, erotic flagellation, and even more exotic entertainments. Rutger knew this well, but Rutger did not really care about anything other than his own opinions. Each night, he welcomed the denizens of Berlin and the foreigners who came to sample the city’s delights. He stalked the stage in his mad clown’s make-up, swollen red drunk’s nose and wardrobe of wigs, introduced the girls who sang, the men who dressed as women and the women in suits. The blur of sexes and genders hardly mattered in a city where everyone fucked everyone more or less without regard for anything but the moment. Berlin sagged under the weight of the lost war, under the oppression of joblessness and crazy money, but at night, on Friedrichstrasse, escape lived in flesh, song, frivolity and unfettered sexual abundance – always for a price. Julie danced at the Mandrake. Her name and a grotesque distortion of her image hung in a tattering poster beside the door. She had been dancing there since ’22, when Papa had turned her out into the street because he could not feed her. Now she had an apartment of her own, which she shared with a shifting cast of roommates down on their luck, other dancers from the club, men who aspired to be pimps but who lacked the moral fiber, and petty black marketers in between deals. She appreciated the relative fortune of her simple walls and furnishings but always Julie told herself, “Someday my luck will change. Someday I will have more.” The night she met Paul, she began to believe the stories she told herself. Paul strode into the Mandrake like a champion, head level, eyes sharp and determined, his very presence shivering Julie’s soul unlike anyone she’d ever met. He wore his blond hair short, stiff in a funny way, and it smelled good with a hint of something exotic. He looked like money. He wore an expensive suit that he told her later was real silk. He had the most perfect teeth she had ever seen, gleaming white in the stage light when he sat at the front table and watched her. “Pretty Julie,” he crooned with sincerity. “If you will come with me tonight, I will make you a duchess.” He barely looked at Rutger before giving the wicked clown a handful of gold coins. “I don’t care if you don’t bring her back,” Rutger chuckled as he winked and smiled at Julie. “Good luck. Have fun.” Paul walked out with her, his arm around her waist, possessive and endearing in his hold. He took her to the Paradise and Inferno nightclub, and Julie swallowed hard, awed and worried that she was not dressed well enough. A bony doorman dressed as St Peter looked them over. “We want to go to heaven,” Paul told him. “Only heaven is good enough for my Julie.” Julie smiled as the doorman’s scorn melted away when Paul gave him a generous fold of marks, and then they were inside the most infamous club in Berlin. A nearly naked Cupid led them to a booth on the left side of the stage, shrouded in shadows but sometimes washed by red light from the spotlights and floodlights that danced across the stage. She tried not to stare at the dancing sparkle of diamonds and satin flash when the stage lighting splashed sometimes over the women in the audience. As Julie looked around the cabaret, she wondered, what did it feel like to wear a ring that cost more than food for a year? A gauzy white curtain bisected the theater. On the other side of it, Julie knew from stories, Hell’s patrons sat in equal splendor attended by handsome devils and almost-nude lady demons. Satan, his muscular chest bare and painted red, paraded on the stage addressing the audience. Julie grinned, wondering if the obvious bulge in the tight black pants he wore was real or a stuffed prosthetic. Regardless, the illusion gave many in the audience reason to twitter approval. “So, Berliners, welcome to Hell,” he said to the half of the audience hidden from Julie by the white curtain, before he turned to Julie and Paul’s side of the room. “Our friends over in Heaven, don’t worry! We delight in showing you—” he chuckled with low, wicked delight “—what it is you’re missing!” Paul sat beside her in the booth, his light laughter a hymn beyond the other merriment in the club. She glanced at him as they both faced the stage and smiled, delighted by his obvious enjoyment. Then he slid his warm hand under Julie’s skirt and stroked her slit through the black lace of her panties. She remembered her price tag, but she also grew wet under his touch, her heart pounding. The giddy wonder of his forwardness surprised her even as a touch of disappointment dimmed the glow of the evening. He stopped after only a moment and leaned to her, pressing trembling lips to her ear. “Remove your panties, Julie,” he commanded with a whisper that rippled through her soul. She started to stand, to find shadows or a powder room, but he traced his hand down her wrist and locked it in a grip that claimed, took, breathed, and promised. “No,” he corrected her. “Remove them here.” She shifted and adjusted, reaching up and behind and under, unfastened her garter and slowly squirmed out of the soft cotton panties. Anyone in the club who looked at her would surely know what she was doing, but perhaps the shadows concealed her. She surrendered her underpants to Paul and looked at him, waiting. Paul curled his fingers into the white material, his thumb stroking the prim edge, then at Paul’s commanding nod and curt order, the waiter brought a strong brandy and a bottle of good wine. On the stage, a thin woman, entirely nude, pale as ivory, danced in smoky light, a study in white and black, milky skin, black-ringed eyes, the whipping mane of her raven hair, and the thick tangle of silken black between her legs. Sinuous, precise, she fought with the smoke and made love to it, a teasing undulation of flesh and dreams. Paul took Julie’s hand and rested it on his hardening cock. She pressed through the smooth material of his trousers, her fingers expert from many nights in the Mandrake. She brought him to full, impressive erection, just as the dancer on the stage twirled one final time and vanished into the billowing smoke. Everyone applauded. Julie smelled opium and hashish. The smoke and the brandy turned her mind golden and she relaxed against Paul, opening his trousers and reaching in to touch the bare heat of his cock. She smiled and stroked down its pulsing length with one testing finger. The silky bead at the tip delighted her, the slippery warmth of it, the affirmation of Paul’s desire. She smeared the bead and relished his quickened breath. The stage stayed dark for a long moment, then a clown dressed as an angel appeared and began to tell stories and make dirty jokes about politicians and Socialists, Frenchmen and Russians. Paul put his hand over Julie’s, his fingertips almost tickling the back of her hand as she slowly pumped him. “Wait,” he whispered, and she stopped, but he didn’t move her hand, allowing her to hold the hard, responsive flesh. He poured wine for her and she drank. “You are an American?” she asked him casually as she tightened her grip a moment, then relaxed her hand. “Yes I am,” he answered with a little smile. “Have you ever been in this place before?” “No. Have you?” Paul shook his head. “I’ve heard a great deal about it – read books about it.” “Are you a teacher?” she asked him. “No. Only a tourist, Julie. Like so many in Berlin.” “Why did you come here?” Julie leaned toward him, her stomach tightening pleasantly as they talked. Not only was Paul handsome and his cock seemingly full of promise, but his eyes glowed with the mellow light of kindness and thoughtfulness. The discomfort of moments ago melted with his patience, his quiet answers, his indulgence. She liked him. Maybe that would be a mistake, but Julie accepted the risk. It wouldn’t be her first, or her last. He sighed thoughtfully, watching the clown as though he might have been observing a squirrel in the park, with only casual interest. “Because in . . . America . . . it is not easy to do the things I wish to do. The possibilities here are so much richer.” “It doesn’t always seem good to me here,” she said, “but I do like the freedom we have, and I am glad you are here with me now.” The clown finished on stage, bowing with a flourish to a parade of beauties who streamed from the wings clad in gossamer white and feathers, angels with bared breasts and red lips. Paul’s cock jumped under her hand and she began to stroke him again. The women on stage danced with each other, the gossamer costumes floating like wings about them, hands busy on arched backs and long pale legs, round buttocks, a flash of pussy here and there, calculated to arouse. The audience made noises of appreciation and Paul’s hand stroked hers, then stopped her motion again. He waved to the nearest Cupid and said to him, “A round of drinks for everyone here and a little something for yourself.” He handed the waiter a stack of bills and the waiter bowed. “Anything you wish, sir,” the Cupid said with a cherubic chuckle. Paul turned back to Julie, his eyes bright with wickedness. “Sit in my lap,” he told her. She giggled, thrilled but also uncertain. Then she obeyed him, gathered her short skirt in nervous fingers, settled her bare bottom against the smooth silken texture of his trousers. He reached under her and freed his cock so that it rose like a rod of precious, warm jade between her legs, the round shaft parting the moist lips of her pussy. He did not penetrate her, but held her, one hand stroking her breast through her blouse and chemise, the other stroking her sex, lingering at the bud of her clit, until she began to pant. On the stage, the angels danced. Julie’s cheeks heated as she glimpsed some of the patrons around them watching her writhing body, admiration shining in their eyes. They sipped the drinks the waiter brought them, but soon Julie realized their interest in her and Paul’s private show barely aroused them. She closed her eyes a moment, enjoying the build of shocking pleasure in her pussy as she accepted that such sights were not uncommon, though here in a club of some reputation it added to the excitement that their brazen public display was not ordinary. Blood boiling, her pussy pulsing with need, Julie rose from Paul’s lap a little and he maneuvered his prick beneath her so that when she settled, he filled her in one long, thick slide, a slow and tight possession that stole the air from her lungs. She began to moan and rock on him, shifting her hips to increase her stimulation. His practiced touch delighted her and she hardly believed how truly wonderful he felt inside her. She forgot her surroundings, the crowd, the dancers; the stage and lights only distant hums and blotches of blurred colors. She began to push against the table as he countered her motion, bucking slowly under her, their goal the same, to touch the golden tip of bliss. His fingers moved with relentless precision on her clit and the blast of pleasure that shattered inside her overwhelmed her senses. She came hard, clutching the table, moaning louder than the music. His body pulsed inside her, his arms around her banded her middle with thick heat. The deep thrust swelled against her electrified pussy as he climaxed, and the wet gush inside her turned her knees to butter. They came together, hot and united. His hands continued to stroke her, the nipple between his fingers rock hard and her slit soaked but greedy, and, without warning, another orgasm rocketed through her. She sagged in his lap, her head falling back onto his strong shoulder. Sweat trickled down her back and between her breasts while he murmured incoherently in her ear and the angels took a bow, some of them – the ones on the left side of the stage – giggling at Julie and Paul, their eyes shining in the footlights’ glare. Paul’s lips found the raw nerve at the base of her neck and her whole body clenched with exhausted ecstasy. “Thank you, Julie,” Paul said to her, his kiss lush and true. “You have made my dream come true.” The next night Julie stared at herself in the mirror of the Mandrake dressing room. “I liked Paul very much,” she said to Rutger before swirling her make-up brush in the chipped bowl of face paint. “Do you think he will come back?” Rutger, stripped to the waist, worked on his make-up as well. Julie, costumed as a harlequin for the first number of the night, watched him through the reflection. “Who knows?” Rutger answered with disinterest. “He’s a tourist, Julie, and he probably spent a great deal to come here. If you made him happy, maybe he will come back.” “How much did he pay you?” she asked. “You should give me some of it.” Rutger barely shrugged, but then handed her a handful of marks. Julie counted them and smiled. “That’s generous but I saw he paid you in coins.” “Mind your business, Julie, and you will be happier. Just because you liked his cock and he took you to Paradise doesn’t make him anything special.” She rubbed rouge into her cheeks. “I think he is in love with me.” Rutger laughed. “Love isn’t real. If life in Berlin teaches you anything, it should teach you that. Your good fortune is making you crazy. If it were not for me, you would just be another chonte, fucking sailors for pennies. I’ve made you a real table-lady now and you had better keep your head on and be grateful for what you have. Don’t do anything stupid. Go out there and be a good little dancer tonight and I will try to find you another man who loves you. Best you forget your American because I am sure he will forget you.” But a week later, Rutger came to Julie backstage, his grin not reflected in his eyes. “Your lover is back and he wants something really special tonight.” Julie’s heart beat as hard as a street drummer. She stood, smoothing the folds of her short skirt with nervous strokes. She didn’t dare tell Rutger, but, as far as she was concerned, Paul didn’t need to pay her a thing. She had thought of no one but him in the time since they had gone to the Paradise and Inferno together, and the ache his absence had burned into her drove home her need to just be with him, regardless of the circumstances. She waited for Rutger to speak, not trusting her own voice yet. “Tonight, in the last performance, your tourist wants to make love to you on the stage wearing a mask. He is a wild one.” She nodded, her emotions and thoughts tangling so much she only managed one word. “OK.” Rutger caged her with his gaze. He paced in front of her like a predator. “I told him it would cost him – that there was great risk from the police, bribes to be paid, and so forth, and he did not even hesitate. He also wants your company until then. Go with him. Be good to him. I don’t think that will be difficult for you.” Rutger looked her over from head to toe, his expression one of uncertain awareness. “Come back here at three o’clock, maybe four, he’ll have his mask and his fun. We are really going to be lucky now, you and me,” Rutger stressed, as if his words could brand her. He smiled at her, his made-up face pale and ghastly as a movie vampire, but Julie barely registered his implied claim. Her ears still rang with the only words she cared about. Paul waited for her. In the dim light of the little club, she did not see him at first and he called to her. The tone in his voice might have been joy and she tried to control her steps so that she did not appear too eager as she wove among the tables and patrons to reach him. He rose and took her hands, holding them tight between warm fingers and all concern that he might not feel as she did faded from her heart. “It’s been so long, Julie,” he exclaimed, pulling her lightly into the seat beside him, his gaze devouring her with a hunger and a reverence that made her heart pound. She studied him through the dim light of the club and a thin sheen of tears and her stomach clenched, cold. Small lines creased across Paul’s forehead, and his hair looked just as short and spiky, but not as vibrant and not as thick. He looked worn, older – more so than she thought even a week on the hardest streets of Berlin could cost a man. “Are you all right?” she asked, trying to keep her voice light and clear of worry as she gently traced the small line at the corner of his mouth. “I am now,” he said, his smile taking the edge from her fear. “I returned as soon as I could.” “I have thought a lot about you,” she said. “I liked our last date very much.” “I hope you are not just saying that because you want me to believe you,” he laughed and poured her schnapps. She relaxed in the chair beside him, returning the pressure of the hand that still had not released hers. How was it that just seeing him, just feeling his touch again should lift her spirits so high, should flood her vision with images of home and family, tree-lined lanes and every good thing? Giddy. That was the word for it, that feeling of an ever-present giggle of happiness within one’s chest. That was how she felt. That was how Paul made her feel just seeing him. He leaned over and kissed her, a tentative press at first, then a light stroke of his tongue against hers, just a taste. Her mind reeled as her body honed to him. As he pulled away, Julie inhaled his scent and smiled. He smelled like some incense she could not place, a manly spice that sweetened the air. “Did Rutger tell you what I want to do tonight?” he asked her and she nodded, feeling her cheeks burn with more modesty than she would have thought herself capable of. “I will do anything for you,” she said. “Anything.” They drank their schnapps quickly, in silence, and then he led her out of the Mandrake around a corner and down Friedrichstrasse, past the noisy little crowds at the doors of the restaurants and clubs. She imagined that the street girls watched her with envy as she passed them, on the arm of her handsome Paul, and she pretended that she was his mistress, silently wishing it true. Arm in arm, they walked past the last of the clubs, out of the garish light and into darkness, the next light ahead of them marking the entrance to a little park with a lime-bleached statue. A rising wind blew papers against the iron fence and Paul put his arm around her. She huddled close to him. Many times she had walked with dates to this park and they had found a bench where she would use her mouth or hands on them. More than once, the man with her had been robbed here. “Paul, I want to go with you, but this park is not so safe.” He laughed. “It will be all right,” he said. “I want a quiet place we can talk without being heard.” She let him lead her through the open gate and to a bench just beyond the statue. He held her close, his hand gentle on her breast, finding the nipple through the wisp of her blouse and the cotton of her brassiere. She loved his touch, loved that it was different from all the others she had known. She kissed him openly, giving him more than she had given any man in a long time. Beyond the golden sphere of his embrace, she heard footsteps in the last moment of approach. Paul pulled back from her and turned toward the sound. Julie knew one of the men as Red Maik, quick with his knife and fond of pain. The other one she had seen, though she did not know his name. He looked like a white-faced monkey with little, mean eyes. “Lovers,” Red Maik crooned with contempt. “So sweet. You can go back to your kisses when you have given us what we want.” Paul glanced at her with a crooked, sheepish smile. “You warned me,” he whispered, then turned to the men. “You want money?” he asked them, a trace of amusement in his tone. “Leave him alone, Red,” Julie said. “Please.” “Give us enough—” Red Maik ignored her “—and we’ll let you keep your pretty clothes.” “All right,” Paul said calmly, as if he was buying bread, then he reached into his pocket. His hand came out with something no bigger than a cigarette lighter. It made a popping sound and both of the thugs dropped to the ground like puppets with cut strings, not even twitching, still as death. Paul bent over them a moment, pressing fingers to their necks. Julie stared, stunned. “Are they . . . ?” “No. They’ll be fine in an hour,” Paul said as he rose. “Probably won’t even remember what happened.” “What did . . . ?” “I stunned their nervous systems for a moment.” “But how?” He put his arm around her and led her back out of the park and toward the lights with long strides that carried them away from the scene quickly. “It is very important that I did not hurt them. Julie . . .” he started and the tone of his voice held the weight of dire importance. “How old do you think I am?” Forty, she thought. “Thirty-five? Maybe a little older?” “Close enough,” he said, then released a long breath. “In another sense, Julie, I am no age at all. I have not yet even been born.” Julie’s steps slowed. “A joke? I don’t understand.” “I don’t suppose you’ve ever heard of a man called H. G. Wells?” She shook her head against his shoulder, a veneer of ice slowly sliding down her spine. “You know how a ship travels on the ocean, yes? I am from a place where men have learned to voyage like that across years, centuries.” Paul tightened his hold on her shoulders, pulling her lightly back against his side. “All my life, I have read about Berlin . . . here, this year, this street, and I have wanted to come here.” They reached the narrow front of a café between two clubs. He led her in and paid the waiter for a private booth in the back. Paul ordered wine and looked around carefully before he spoke more. “We can travel backwards in time, but such travel is stringently monitored and restricted because a person who goes into the past can cause great harm with even an action of kindness.” She watched him, listening to his words and tone, wanting to believe him. “Just like here in Berlin where everything has a price, where I am from there are those who sell such trips for enormous fortunes in spite of such travel being against the law. I have . . . I had . . . I will have a great deal of money and influence, but I had nothing I cared about in my world, so I paid men for this illegal travel and I came here.” He was quiet for a moment while the waiter brought the wine and poured it. “I came here to be with you.” “You knew about me?” she asked, again wanting very much to believe him. ‘“I knew about Berlin, about this time, what it was like. I didn’t know about you until I saw you . . . was it only last week?” She nodded. “For me, almost three years have passed. It took me that long to arrange a second trip. I have given nearly everything I owned to come back to you.” He took her chilled hand and raised it to his lips, the light kiss giving back some warmth. “What did you mean when you said it was important that you not hurt Red . . . those men?” “Anyone who travels back in time must be very careful. I am told that little actions show no harmful effects. The scientists argue details, but most agree, time is like the ocean, it fills in what is moved or taken away . . . but a big action can cause huge changes in the future. There are men – like policemen – who stand . . . outside of time and watch for such things. If I had killed Red or his friend, I would be in very serious trouble.” She drank her wine and thought about all he said. Her decision didn’t trumpet or flash, it simply settled like satin on skin, and for that, Julie trusted it. If Paul was mad, it didn’t matter. She loved him. “Making love on a stage is not a big action?” she asked with a small smile. “No. I won’t leave anything behind me but a memory of a man in a mask enjoying the greatest of pleasures with a beautiful woman. Telling you all I have told you is far more risky.” “Why do you want to make love to me on the stage?” “Where I am from, we are watched always, but rarely ever seen. That will be hard for you to understand. You are often on a stage. Men want you. For me, there is no more exciting thought than to be on that stage with you, sharing a human, intimate act, and being watched by strangers, and knowing that those who watch us will be aroused, and knowing too, some might think it offensive and wrong – but won’t turn away. That is what I paid for.” She looked down, sad and disappointed. He touched her chin, raised her face to meet his gaze. “Before I came here,” he said. “It could have been with any woman and I would have been happy. But, after I met you, after what we shared in Paradise, it can only be you. In all of time. In every place that has ever been.” Her smile bloomed like a white rose on a perfect summer day. She was twenty-six years old, and had never been so happy in all her life. The Mandrake was packed with men and women, every table filled, some of the crowd drunken or sedated with opium and hashish, some manic from cocaine. The air swelled, alive, and as Julie stepped onto the stage, she gazed upon a show palace that seemed as vast as Germany, so much bigger than the little club had ever seemed before. The tiny band played American jazz, wild and free flowing, and Julie danced around a velvet lounge that had been placed at center stage. She wore a set of scarves that fell away from her like petals, five misty veils, not seven, each of them the color of pearl, shining and translucent. By the time she had shed three of them, her body shone beneath the filmy silk. Beauty and divinity radiated through her, into her. She was a temptress, a depraved saint, a goddess, a woman. She didn’t dread what awaited her, not this time. She anticipated with growing excitement the act that had always before seemed sadly necessary, horribly sordid and somehow pathetic. Rutger watched from the left wing, his evil clown face grinning, but his eyes hard as black glass. Paul emerged from the right, masked in a luminous white satin mask and clothed in a thick red velvet robe. He moved with grace, the steps of his dance naive but beautiful, rising to the music’s spell like a cobra to a charmer. Julie saw the crowd’s attention focus upon him and she saw his excitement, understood something of what he wanted here, a rite of affirmation she wanted now as much as he did. She cast the last two veils away and sat on the couch, spreading her legs in a manner that would have been lewd had she not been in the throes of the spell she shared with Paul. She wanted him to see her, open and wet, and she wanted the crowd to know she glistened there for him, anticipating the glory of his cock. Paul dropped his robe and his beautiful member stood out like a pole, the scepter of a priest, of a god-king, eager for union with his goddess. Julie’s hands ran over her body, offering herself to him, to the watchers, inviting them into the act, to share the sacrament of union. She leaned and licked down a thick cock vein, and cupped his balls in her hand. She smeared the glistening tip on her painted lips, then parted them and took him in. She savored the salt, the musk, the mysterious smoky spice that was uniquely him. She worshipped him, filling her mouth, sliding him into her open, greedy throat, then flickering her tongue as she pulled away. Rapture fell like fog over her, and she sensed the same spell upon the crowd. She leaned back to let a line of saliva between her lips and the swollen head of his prick shine silver in the footlights. The crowd stilled. She sucked him, oblivious then to the men and women who watched, though she basked in the power of their watching eyes, their breathing that matched hers and Paul’s. Looking up at him, at the smooth, white mask he wore, she grinned, realizing he could be any man under it, but the reality, the truth that pounded in her bones and muscles, her veins and skin, was that this was Paul, and he was there for her. This moment was his. And hers. He pushed her head back, disengaging his stone-hard prick from between her lips. He stroked her cheek, leaned to kiss her with deep passion, and then moved to mount her, his left hand under her right thigh, his right hand opening her pussy to him, testing her and finding her wetter than she had ever been. She surrendered to him, reverent and wholly focused on what they shared. No performance, no lines, no music beyond what hummed in her blood and breath. This was life as it was meant to be led, daring and bold, heedless of everything except the instant, the future not even a concept, certainly not a real place or time. He penetrated her with slow fervor, thick and long, sliding deep, beyond past lovers and even her dreams. His tender touch was that of a seducer taking a virgin, confident and strong, yet infinitely careful as he began to fuck her with masterful strokes. Julie moved with him, shameless and defiant of anyone to condemn her for this act, this glorious union. They moved together, the music and the band matching their rhythm as they quickened, Paul’s cock sliding almost out of her and then deliciously back in. He gripped her hips and kissed her breasts as he rocked them both toward paradise. She fell, endless and otherworldly toward the rush of orgasm, the timeless oblivion of a really good come bright as diamonds before her closed eyes. She clutched at him, her nails raking across his shoulders as he threw back his head, grimaced, perspiration at the edges of his mask glistening, and then he emptied his heat into her, lost in a gush of blinding joy. She tightened around him, fighting the need to cry out. Then she rejected the last shred of modesty and gave her bliss voice. Her scream rose, a hymn of ecstasy to soar above the celebrant jazz of the band. Paul held her, sweating, his arms tight around her as the audience applauded, whistled, and uproariously called for encores. Close to her ear, so close no one could possibly hear him, Paul christened her soul, saying “I love you, Julie.” “Paul, my Paul,” she whispered back, tears pushing at the gate of her lashes. “I love you too.” Later, Paul and Julie sat in the small cook’s garden behind the Mandrake Club. Two big white moths fluttered around a smoky light of the oil lamp Julie had set in the middle of the crude wooden table they shared. Pending sunrise dulled the stars and seeped red like distant fire. Rutger swaggered through the kitchen door, a bottle of schnapps and three glasses in his hands. He pulled up a crate and sat, his clown face smeared in a painted snarl. “To you, Paul,” Rutger said, raising a glass of schnapps. “You’ve made me a wealthy man.” Paul still wore the white mask. “I should stay here,” he said, his tone almost serious. “Make us both wealthy men.” Rutger drained his glass with a hoot of laughter. He wiped his mouth on his sleeve. “You know you can’t do that.” Julie leveled her gaze on Rutger, hating him for that one statement. She held Paul’s hand in a death grip. “I do not think I will ever come back,” Paul said, and Julie saw a trace of tears in his eyes behind the mask. Her heart splintered as Paul’s hand clenched her fingers, hard and determined as stone. “Oh, you will be back, brother,” Rutger said again as he poured another generous shot. He smiled lopsided and strange, and lifted his glass to Paul. “I will see you in just a few weeks. You will find a way.” They sat quietly. Julie hated Rutger more for not going away and leaving her alone with Paul. After a while, dawn turned the garden rosy and banished the moths. Paul hugged and kissed Julie, his lips warm and alive, the tender contact conveying more than words. Rutger paused in his cleaning, grinned drunkenly, and gave a curt nod as Paul released her and slipped into the grey morning. She watched him as he walked up Zimmerstrasse, vanishing into the pale light all too soon. Gone. For the entire month of July, Julie waited for him. She disappointed many men by politely declining their company, always giving them very good reasons, but in her heart, she knew Paul would walk back into the Mandrake, and back into her life. Julie believed with all her soul that she and Paul belonged together, and she clung to the simple hope they could be together. The desire became a steel thread that sewed her life to meaning. One morning in early August, Julie wove her way through Saturday morning crowds toward her apartment, carrying a small straw shopping bag filled with bread, cheese, and beer. A shabby beggar watched the crowds from the narrow doorway of a closed bakery, and after she passed him, she heard shambling steps behind her. She glanced back to see the ragged man following her. Her heart danced nervously as she picked up her pace, then looked back again, hoping to assess her odds should she need to fight him off. The handles of the straw bag slid down her arm to the ground as she recognized her follower. The beggar, Paul, thinner and harder, dressed in rags, closed the distance in two measured strides. Her pulse blasted in her ears and her breath would not fill her lungs. She panted on the verge of keening, tears springing to her eyes and a million questions on her lips. Paul shushed her before she could speak, then asked her for money. She stared at him, shock and a moment of insanity brushing against her cheek. She shook her head and he walked away from her, not glancing back. She looked up and down the street, picked up her bag and followed him toward her apartment, still many blocks away. She lost sight of him sometimes, but then he would reappear, begging coins from a tourist, loitering against a wall. When Julie reached her apartment building, Paul materialized at the door and slipped in. Hidden from the crowds, he caught her in a heated embrace. “I had to,” he said, kissing her hard, hungry. “I had to return.” “I know,” she managed before nipping his lower lip and closing her arms around him like iron bands. “Will you go with me?” His eyes probed hers. She saw more lines around his eyes, the cuts of cruel time at the corners of his mouth, but love, unbound and courageous, shone on his face. “Anywhere,” she told him. “Nowhere,” he answered her. “We must go somewhere no one sees us, somewhere safe.” “Anywhere,” she repeated. “Listen,” he said, his rough fingers caressing her cheek. “I know so much more than I did before. Someday, darling, I will tell you all the things I have done to come to . . . now, here. I cannot go back. I have committed so many crimes. You and I, Julie.” He swallowed hard. “We must disappear.” Julie saw beyond the years that must have passed for him, saw how his time away had tempered him like metal. She hugged him hard, unwilling to trust her voice with her feelings. “Here’s what we must do,” he said into her hair. “You must do exactly what I say.” Julie listened and held Paul tight. She would never let him go again. Never. Rutger smiled like a man who had found a golden coin. “You want to buy her?” he asked Paul, Rutger’s glance at Julie contemptuous. “Her contract or whatever arrangement she has with you,” Paul explained. “And what can I pay you to forget you ever knew her?” Rutger had not yet donned his clown face. Without the greasepaint pallor, his ruddiness gave him a mean glow, and now he grew redder by the moment. “More than you’ve got, mein herr,” he sneered. “It is time to stop pretending, yes? Time to show you my real face.” “I don’t understand,” Paul said, and Julie saw him glance at her, the question in his eyes, Are you ready? She thought about what he had told her, that there were moments when time might be changed, when all the things that seemed ordained might be undone. She didn’t know about that, didn’t know if she believed in ordained time, but she believed in Paul. “I know who you are,” Rutger said, drawing a little pistol and pointing it at him. “I know where you are from. The men from—what do you call it? The Chrono Bureau? I have worked with them for a long time. Many tourists come to the Mandrake Club and you are not the first who has tried to stay here. Let me see your hands.” “What will you do to me?” Paul asked, raising his hands. “And to her?” “To her? Nothing. It’s bad you’ve told her so much, but I am assured that her life will mean nothing. She will live as she is meant to. You, I will hold here until they come for you.’” “You should get away too,” Paul told him. “You know what will happen to this city in a few years? To Germany?” ‘“I know. I am told that I will prosper under the new government, that I will be an officer in the Party and an official in London after we have conquered it. It’s all history to you, isn’t it? They’ve told me everything that will happen to me. I will die in bed in America when I am an old man.” “Of course that’s what they told you. Did you think they’d tell you an unpleasant story?” Paul shook his head. “Let me and Julie go,” Paul said. “I will give you more gold than you can imagine. We will go away where no one will ever see us, where our lives will make no difference.” “It’s no good,” Rutger said with a cruel laugh. “All of this is already written. They told me you would come here. They told me what you would say. You will fail because you have already failed.” Paul nodded to Julie. She drew the little device that looked like a cigarette lighter from her dress pocket and pressed its side the way Paul had showed her. Rutger jumped as though he had been shocked. He collapsed, the gun falling with a clatter to the floor. Paul checked Rutger’s pulse, then turned to Julie, and nodded. “We need to go, now. I don’t know when the Chronos will come, but we’ve got to be far from here when they do.” He took the device from her, made an adjustment to it, and pressed it to Rutger’s pale forehead. Rutger jerked and lay still. Julie knew Paul had killed him. “Paul! What about . . . big actions?” Paul shrugged. “Any future where he does not live will be a better world.” Julie struggled to understand. “What he said . . . that he knew you would fail. How did you know what to do?” He smiled at her and she saw pride and cleverness in his eyes, a kind of certainty. “I knew, Julie, because I have done this before . . . and failed. I knew what to do this time. Now, we must hurry. There will be dangerous men here in less than ten minutes.” They ran together from the Mandrake Club, down Friedrichstrasse. Paul had more gold. He gave her coins they could change into marks later. She flagged down a taxi and paid the driver to take them to the edge of town, to the place Paul told her. Outside an imbiss, the two bicycles waited. As they maneuvered the bikes down a packed lane between two bright yellow fields, Paul reached over and squeezed her hand. “We just need to lay low for a while, then make our way to the port, then on to Costa Rica.” Julie smiled at him, fear and excitement turning her blood to liquid gold. Together they would do what he had told Rutger. They would go across the sea, live somewhere no one could find them, where they would leave no trace to be read in any book in the future. As they pedaled, a thought came to her. “Paul. What happens now? You have changed what Rutger said was written.” He stopped his bike and she hers, her feet light on the packed dirt path. He reached over and lifted her chin, kissing her with a fervor she’d not tasted before. His touch and his kiss filled her with hope and a sense of infinite possibilities. “Does it matter?” he asked her. “To you and me? Does it matter at all? I came to Berlin to experience my greatest fantasy – to be watched making love to a woman. I spent a fortune for the hope of that fantasy. I wanted to be seen, Julie. I didn’t expect anything more than my few minutes of spotlight and sexual fulfillment.” He brushed a hand over her hair and smiled, the deep lines around his mouth beautiful in the late afternoon sun. “Many of the people I knew, they paid fortunes to experience their fantasies over and over again. I thought I’d be one of them. I’d pay again and again to fuck for an audience, but I didn’t just fuck some chonte. I had the most intense experience of my life with the woman I love.” He kissed her forehead, his thumb brushing aside the tear that slid down her cheek. “That moment will be ours forever, Julie. Now there can be no more stages. We will live in shadows and cast none of our own, and it will be all right. Everything shines now, Julie. For us, maybe for the world, from this moment, everything is new.” He kissed her lightly and smiled before sitting back on the bicycle. “We will travel together into the new future. “One day at a time.” 