Exhausted after a hard day’s work, I crash on the couch, hoping to take a well-deserved nap. As I start to doze off, my slumber is interrupted by voices – giggles actually – emanating from the kitchen. I recognize my live-in girlfriend Teri’s voice, but I can’t seem to place the others. Curious, I decide to see what they are up to. Trying not to interrupt what they are doing, I stealthily rise from the couch and furtively inch toward the kitchen doorway. I haven’t taken three steps when I hear someone gagging, accompanied by uproarious laughter. Then, the sensuous voice of my Teri says, ‘Shelly, you need to open wide and relax. Do it slower. Don’t be in such a hurry, watch me.’ Now, my curiosity is piqued. What could she be talking about? Arriving at the kitchen portal, I surreptitiously sneak a peak around the corner. Surprised, but pleased, I glimpse the forms of three lithe, bikini-clad, young women, standing around the table, watching Teri. Since my view of Teri is from behind, I am unable to ascertain what she is showing Shelly, whichever one she may be. Wearing her skimpiest black micro-bikini, Teri’s long blond hair is visible to me as is her hourglass figure and fine, shapely legs, which join at her remarkable derriere. Her head is thrown back slightly and I can see that one of her arms is performing something near her face. Since I cannot make out what Teri is up to, I study the other girls for clues. They are without exception lovely: a Hispanic raven-haired, dark-eyed beauty, a red head with a fair complexion, freckles and all (how I love redheads). and an African-American charmer, whom I recognise from Teri’s practices. Having never met, I assume the other two are Teri’s fellow dancers as well. The black beauty, who stands almost directly opposite me locks eyes and smiles. What a fantastic smile, with perfect pearly white teeth contrasting her medium brown colouring. As her eyes fix on mine she tosses me a kiss with her lips, then lifts up a yellow object and inserts it into her mouth. I realize it is a banana. Still watching me with mischievous glee in her bright eyes, she shoves it in and out, stroking the remainder of the banana with her other hand. I can feel my own personal banana begin to stir. I notice the other girls are also holding bananas. The redhead notices what black beauty is doing and follows her eyes to me. Throwing a hand up over her mouth she cannot stifle the laugh that escapes. Then the black-haired girl notices me, and smiles. Joel, the voyeur, has been discovered. Teri spins around with a banana halfway down her throat and starts choking when she sees me. She jerks the banana out and grabbing my hand brings me into the kitchen, falling into my arms laughing. ‘Looks like you caught us being wicked,’ she laughs. ‘Wicked.’ I say, ‘It looked more like you were starving. What’s going on?’ ‘Joel, honey. These are my friends, Lisa, Shelly and Gloria. They work with me.’ I nod. She goes on, ‘We were sunning by the pool and somehow the subject of blow jobs came up and then it evolved to deep throating, so we came up here to see if we could do it.’ Gloria takes the banana out of her mouth. Eyeing my somewhat bulging crotch, she licks her lips and says, ‘Pleased to eat you.’ Shelly is shocked. ‘Glory, this is Teri’s boyfriend.’ ‘Hey girl, don’t I know it. Look at him. Check out his curly hair and friendly smile. Doesn’t that just make you wanna plant a happy-face on him?’ Smacking her lips, and giving Gloria a high five, Lisa adds, ‘You’re there, Glory. He surely is a hunk. Look at those beautiful blues and check those muscles. What are you? Six-three, maybe two-twenty.’ ‘Six-two, two-ten and he belongs to moi,’ says Teri, locking arms with me, reinforcing her claim. Gloria chides Teri, ‘Girl, why you sucking on bananaz when the top banana is at your fingertips. C’mon girl. Show us how you do it.’ By now, my zinger is at about two o’clock and rising. Teri looks at me and shrugs. ‘I’m game if you are?’ Good question. I think. Game? I probably am game for a hot blowjob but am I game to have Teri deep throat me in front of her lovely cohorts? I’m shocked Teri is. ‘I suppose I am, but I need to take a quick shower. I want to do it in bed and if I’m going to be naked so is everyone.’ Everyone eagerly says okay or nods in assent. No sooner, do I get the words out and Gloria is out of her hot pink bikini. Gloria is glorious. Her fine mocha coloured tits with chocolate nipples reminds me of how much I love chocolate. Her legs, thin and shapely are magnificent specimens that support her tight round protruding ass. She is the whole package and she seems to know it. As I head to the bathroom to take a shower, a bevy of beautiful women follow me, led by my very own, now naked, Teri. Like her friends, and most dancers, she is lean, with thin shapely legs, slim waist and shapely but moderate-sized breasts, with pert protruding nipples. What sets Teri apart from other modern women is she doesn’t shave her pubis. She is a natural blond and her lightly trimmed, blond bush is a point of pride. By now, Lisa is also naked. With her light brown skin, dancer’s shape and deep brown eyes, I am enthralled. However, it is her unique pussy that I find most arousing. Her labia and her clitoris look like it is designed specifically for sex, extending almost an inch out beyond her vagina. It reminds me of a human Venus Fly Trap. I undress for my shower, as eight prurient eyes study my every move. When I remove my briefs, the girls express a combination of catcalls and whistles. Gloria and Shelly grasp my penis for a short time. Unfortunately, Teri beats them off, before they manage to beat me off. Shelly says, ‘Wow! How big is that? Do you think you can swallow all of that, Ter?’ ‘I can, if she can’t.’ Gloria brazenly declares. Shelly, has now shed her teal blue bikini and I cannot decide which of these sexy wenches turns me on the most. They are all so beautiful and yet so divergent, like a crosssection of womanhood and right now, they all desire me. Shelly’s skin is luminescent, almost white with a tiny hint of pink, interrupted by a flurry of friendly freckles on the top of her medium, upright breasts and shoulders. Her perky pink nipples and red bearded mound above her pink vagina excite me. Like Teri, she declines to shave her pubis, which is flame red, like her hair. Teri once again stakes her claim of ownership by stepping into the shower and washing me, especially my expanding erection. Lisa, Shelly and Glory peek around the shower curtain, cracking salacious remarks and reaching in. They admire my grand phallus as I emerge from the shower and Shelly announces, ‘I think you should share Joel’s penis with us to practice our deep throating.’ Lisa follows. ‘Yes, it’s only fair, Teri.’ As I listen to their protestations, I sense a weakening in Teri’s resolve. Perhaps she is beginning to realize the torrent of desire that has been unleashed. She takes my hand, leads me to, and sets me down on, the edge of the bed. On her knees, she takes me in her beautiful mouth. The girls ooh and aw as they gather around observing the spectacle. They are impressed as Teri swallows my whole cock. She had done this before, so I knew she could. Teri is a talented as well as beautiful girl. I notice the girls are masturbating, watching my cock delving deeply into Teri’s oesophagus. Intrigued, Gloria wants to participate, but she doesn’t know how. She descends to her knees beside Teri and begins to tease Teri’s twat. Then she grabs the base of my cock and strokes it. Teri relinquishes my cock, saying ‘Here. You want to suck it so bad. Be my guest.’ Glory fills the void. She is a very animated cocksucker, stroking my shaft in a twisting motion and revolving her head around the head, her tongue flittering across my sensitive frenulum. She even begins to hum. ‘Ummmmmmm, ummmm.’ The humming increases the stimulation to my cock. The balmy aroma of aroused female sex organs (hot pussy) is prevalent, permeating my olfactory senses. I am getting so excited my heart begins to palpitate so I lay back and spread my arms hoping to calm down, but Lisa and Shelly view this as an opportunity. Leaving Gloria, Teri jumps up on the bed. Gliding toward me, she straddles my face, snuggling her hot, wet, tasty snatch against my hungry mouth. I begin to satisfy her lust, tonguing and nibbling on her clitoris. I love the view from here, taking in the entire length of her sexy body, from her mound, to her belly, to her shapely breasts with her pretty face peeking down at me between her breasts. I want to knead those breasts and tickle her nipples with my fingers but my hands are now occupied on other urgent business. Lisa and Shelly have nestled their love-nests against each of my hands and are manipulating each of them as if they were their personal sex toy. Shelly uses my left hand to wander through her pubic forest of red hair; using my fingers to massage her clit and pussy. Lisa prefers a different technique of stimulation; her hand on top of mine, inserting multiple fingers into her remarkable cockpit with the protruding labia and clitoris. I can sense Lisa’s other hand massaging her clitty. Lisa’s love canal is fully enlarged and, to my surprise, after inserting four fingers, she manages, with considerable difficulty, to force my entire, rather large, fist into her expanded cavern. ‘Rub my G spot she utters.’ Repeating it several times. Having never before, had my entire hand within a woman’s cunt, I wasn’t sure what to do, but I aim to please. Feeling around with my fingers, I come across what must resemble (if one could view it) a tiny volcano, sans the lava. I rub the indentation with my forefinger and ask, ‘Is that it?’ I think she nods for I could feel the up and down motion clear down on my wrist, so I massage the indentation with my forefinger. Since my face is buried in Teri’s wet snatch, I can’t see the recipients of my manual machinations, but I suspect Shelly and Lisa are also pleasuring each other. Meanwhile, Glorious Gloria is doing an exemplary job of sucking my sizable rod, even though each time she tries to swallow my entire shaft, she gags. That’s okay. I like her spunk (oops! wrong word) – enthusiasm. She can suck me off anytime she wants. As long as Teri lets her, that is. However, Glory finally notices out that she’s the only girl giving and all her friends are receiving. Deciding to debunk the myth that it’s better to give than receive, she stops sucking and takes my cock out of her mouth. As occupied as I am, I barely notice but when I suddenly feel that my cock is immersed into something warm, wet and energetic, it could only be Gloria’s glorious pussy. Oh Glory be, it feels so good. Apparently, Gloria fucks with as much fervor as she sucks, because suddenly I feel strangely like I’m in a bull-riding contest, only I’m the bull. I can even picture the lovely, naked Gloria riding my staff clutching her cowboy hat in her outstretched hand. Her rocking and rolling appear to be contagious for everyone is becoming more passionate. I imagine all four naked cowgirls riding roughshod over various portions of my anatomy. Then I realize I’m in a crucifix position, with beautiful women pinning my head, outstretched arms and groin. Without warning, Teri reaches orgasm, shrieking and screaming. I hope the crotchety elderly couple next door aren’t home. After recovering from numerous waves of short debilitating pleasure, Teri rolls off me and sees that Glory is riding my (her) ramrod with authority. Considering my fuck stick her personal property, she jumps into Glory, knocking her off my (Teri’s) passion pole and both of them onto the floor. What she imagined was going on while she was sitting on my face, with her back turned, I have no idea, but she is pissed. In the meantime, Shelly, spying my vacant tallywacker, abandons my left hand and skewers herself upon it. Lisa would like to do the same thing but she is very attached to my wrist. The fight between Gloria and Teri continues on the floor unabated. I am unable to stop it because a) I am attached, one way or the other to Shelly and Lisa, b) besides, I’m kinda enjoying watching sexy Shelly satiate herself on my Johnny and loose Lisa ride my wrist. Shelly leans forward, moving in a rocking motion, her tongue caressing my tongue and occasionally laving my ear. Shelly is tighter than Gloria, Teri too, and she is obviously tighter than Lisa, whose snatch, I have not yet entered…with my cock that is. As if to signify that she is still involved, Lisa bends over and starts fondling our hot squirming flesh. While Shelly’s pretty pink nipples skirt my chest, matching the same back and forth motion of her pretty pink pussy, Lisa discovers my scrotum and squeezes the testicles tightly. This all is too much for me to take as I begin to experience a slow-growing tingly, tickling sensation that grows and grows into the roar of an overdue extraordinary orgasm. As I spew forth copious amounts of sperm into her hot vagina, I thrash around violently, restrained only by the two women on top of me, whose combined weight may approximate mine. Apparently my convulsions pushed Shelly over the edge for she was screaming in joy within seconds, matching my lustful thrusts, while grinding her pink taco into my groin as if trying to gain even more of my sizable pleasure pole. Again, I worry about the elderly couple next door. Shuddering from her pleasurable ordeal, Shelly rolls off and snuggles against me. Totally exhausted, I lay relaxing, even forgetting that Lisa is still impaled upon my right fist. I am suddenly a believer in the maxim – there can be situations where one can have too much of a good thing – as my drained and mildly sore, semi-rigid cock is brutally accosted by a warm, wet sensation and the occasional abrasion of perfect teeth. I gaze down at my groin and once again, Gloria is energetically applying her wares upon my ambivalent love muscle. ‘What are you doing?’ ‘En ettin ooh ard, tso eeh cn uck ig oy.’ ‘What did you say?’ Glory took a break with her mouth but kept on stroking me and answered, ‘I – am – getting – you – hard – so – we – can – fuck – big – boy!’ Lisa was fuming. ‘Hey Glor, you had your turn. Now, it’s my turn.’ ‘You’ll get your turn. I didn’t get to finish my turn cause of Teri. Besides it looks like you’re engaged.’ I wonder aloud, ‘Where is Ter?’ ‘This ole street fightin’ bitch was gettin’ the best of it, so she ran out of the room. I locked the door behind her so she won’t bother us no more.’ To my surprise, G-l-o-r-i-a resurrects my resilient erection and of course, climbs aboard, inserting my battering ram into her juicy, tawny twat. As I had previously observed, no one has ever fucked me with more exuberance. Glory was all over the place, constantly changing her motions and style. I want to try other positions, besides Gloria on top, especially doggie style, but I really can’t move much with Lisa anchored to my hand. I do have one free hand though, so I titillate the erect half-inch brown nipple of her right tit with my extended forefinger. She bent over and we swapped saliva. I could taste a residue of sex in her mouth, which I assumed was a mixture of Shelly’s love juices and my own semen. The idea of the residue of Shelly and my intercourse in Gloria’s mouth and now mine further excites me. After about ten glorious, vigorous, hard-fucking minutes Gloria had, wouldn’t you know it, a gigantic climax. I would have thought someone had given her a hot foot or hot cunt or a hot something. Much to Lisa’s chagrin, I can’t help it. I follow Glory with my own megamax. Pounding on the paper-thin walls forces me to, once again, recall the elderly couple next door. Following the pounding, an irritated, muffled voice ‘quiet – ease, –’re – ying to – leep’. Since Gloria is still vocalizing a combination of shrieking, crying, moaning and groaning. I place my free hand over her mouth, then Lisa lets loose with her own ultimate ’gasm. I take my hand away from Glory’s mouth and cover Lisa’s, only to hear Glory’s enduring screams and more pounding on the wall. After Lisa calms down, she decides to do something about our predicament. She positions both of her legs against my ribs and shoulder, pushing as hard as she can. After about thirty seconds of strenuous forcing Lisa’s super-sized snatch finally releases my hand. It literally popped out with a loud Thwuunnk. The corresponding counter-force made Lisa fall backwards off the bed, landing on her back with her well-turned legs extending above the edge of the bed. Gloria and Shelly think this is hilarious. With both pointing at Lisa’s sleek legs, as if to show me what was so funny, they laugh uproariously. I found myself chuckling somewhat also – that is, until the pounding resumes on the wall. Fortunately, their laughter subsides after that as Lisa regains her footing and climbs back on the bed. She is ready for bear. No make that cock – my cock to be exact. She takes my overworked, shrunken, flaccid cock in her mouth and places her overtly sexy ooh la la at my chin. I ask you. What’s a guy to do? So, I delve into her extraordinary genitalia with newfound vigour. She responds by burying her protruding wishbone shaped clit into my hungry mouth, while giving me a head job supreme. I can tell Lisa’s love juices are flowing as an abundance of her tasty fluids enters my mouth, further arousing me. With nothing to do, Glory and Shelly start massaging my balls and Lisa’s tits. Then they begin kissing each other, then rubbing each other’s hot spots and soon they are engaged in their own embrace. I slide Lisa off me. Her unique pussy has been teasing me all night. I will not be denied. Making sure not to disturb Shelly and Gloria, I set Lisa on her hands and knees and enter her from behind. She begins howling loudly and guess what? Once more, there is banging on the common wall. However, I enjoy drilling Lisa’s amazing pussy so much, I ignore the banging. After ten minutes or so of hard fucking, the bedroom door opens and there is my beautiful girlfriend. Teri had put on a robe and an angry face. Her eyes were throwing daggers. I didn’t let her glare stop me. I was not about to stop fucking Lisa – she was too hot. I just couldn’t understand why Teri was so enraged, after all, I was just engaging in a little All-American fun with her friends. Remember that old saying, ‘If you can’t fuck your friends, who can you fuck.’ If she hadn’t been such a stick in the mud, I could have been shtupping her too. ‘What’s going on here?’ an official-sounding female voice says from behind Teri. Then, as Teri steps aside, two police officers step forth. ‘My my,’ the woman says, ‘isn’t this something?’ It’s hard to tell in her uniform, but I get the impression that the lady officer is very attractive under all that attire. I read her nametag – H. Orny. Hmmmm. ‘I think we’ve come across a bona-fide orgy,’ she continued. ‘What do you think, Dick?’ By now, Shelly and Gloria have taken notice and sat up, yet I continue to shag Lisa – it is dee-lightful. My eyes went to Dick’s nametag – I. R. Reddy. Hmmmm. Dick was a strapping young man in his twenties with reddish brown hair. I noticed two things about Dick. He couldn’t take his eyes off Gloria, who happened to be flirting back (the little hussy) and he had a bulge in his pants. Hmmmm, there are some definite possibilities here. Dick answered H. Orny, ‘I think you’re right Hope. What do you want to do?’ Now my eyes darted back to Hope, hopefully. Hope had taken her cap off and was wiping her forehead with a handkerchief. She was really a remarkable-looking specimen, resembling Jessica Alba. I spoke up before she could speak, ‘Are we breaking any laws here, Officer Orny?’ ‘No, not exactly. We…we had a complaint from your neighbor, stating there was intermittent…let me see here…moaning, shrieking, groaning, grunting, wailing…’ Hope wiped her brow again, then raised an eyebrow, looks coyly at me and continues, ‘screaming, wailing, howling and yelling other assorted phrases such as fuck me, don’t stop, harder, oh yeah, oh God, oh shit and yes – yes – yes, oh yes, which are keeping the complainants awake.’ As if on cue, Lisa undergoes an enormous orgasmic eruption in which she demonstrates every form of expression that Hope had enumerated, with a few more thrown in. Timing being everything, even though I’m totally worn out, I withdraw my proud, rigid cock, turn to face Hope and stare directly at her while I ask, ‘Who’s next?’ Hope’s eyes become large as saucers. I see her lick her lips then look from my dick to her Dick, who is gaping at Gloria and Shelly. ‘Officer Reddy,’ I say to get his attention. ‘I could sure use some help here.’ Then I grab my staff and glance back to Hope. ‘Would you like to be next, Officer Orny?’ Never taking her eyes off my cock, H. Orny says, ‘Officer Reddy and I need to discuss this in private.’ Taking Dick’s hand they go into the bathroom and shut the door. Relieved that it wasn’t Teri that called the cops, I steal a glance at her. She too is focusing on my grand phallus. She looks up at me and smiles and mouths the words, I’m sorry, then shifts over beside the bed, next to where I kneel and starts sucking on me, then deep throating me. While she was doing this, I removed her robe and she was again as naked as the rest of us. So were Officers Reddy and Orny as they exited the bathroom. Dick, who is well built in more ways then one, if you know what I mean, headed right for Gloria. But it wasn’t long before Lisa and Shelly shared Dick’s attentions and dick. Meanwhile, Hope was everything I imagined. Not being a dancer, she was slightly fuller but in an incredible way. Perhaps five six, one-twenty, with brown eyes and long brunette hair, Hope possesses a great tush and sizable upright breasts that bounce ever so lightly as she approaches us. Beside us, she says, ‘I’m next.’ With my dick still in her mouth, Teri’s eyes plead with me. ‘I’ll save some for you too, baby,’ I say. Grudgingly, Teri relinquishes my joystick to Hope and leaves the room. I feel sorry for Teri, but I’m not about to stop now. Hope becomes the fourth beautiful woman I will copulate with in four hours. My girlfriend Teri’s pussy is the only one my cock has missed. For starters, as Teri and each of her friends had, Hope takes Mr Happy in her mouth. I laugh inside as I realize that my joint is being copped by a lady cop. This is obviously not the only prick this beautiful cop has ever copped and after a couple minutes of hardcore fellatio, my cock is back as hard as it gets. Noticing this, she stops, climbs onto the bed, grabs my cock again, bats her eyelashes and with a smile on her lips, demurely says, ‘I’m ready for the main course, Mr big cock.’ Hope then lays down, staring at me seductively, and spreads her legs wide, pulling me down with her, deftly inserting my cock into her deep, wet cleft. I must admit this is the first time I ever fucked a cop and I am digging the shit out of it. Not because I was fucking ‘the man,’ or in this case ‘the woman,’ as I certainly was, but because she was scrumptious, knew how to use that pussy and wasn’t shy. We started with missionary position, then sideways, doggie style, then she got me on my back and shoved her shaved snatch right in my face. I reached up and played with her nipples and she went berserk. I decided women must like head as much as men for each of the five girls had made sure I ate their pussy. Shelly was right beside me, and her sex partner – Dick – was fucking her in the mouth, literally. By that I mean Shelly was just laying there with her head propped up and her mouth open while Officer Dick was doing all the work, shoving his dick in and out of her mouth. It was about this time when Hope had a seizure like an orgasmic cataclysm. If the other girls were eighty decibels during their orgasms, Hope was ninety db. Like clockwork, the wall began to shake from the sustained banging. When Hope simmered down, I point to Shelly and Dick and ask her, ‘Can we do that?’ ‘Why not, after that climax, you’re entitled.’ We swap places and Hope puffs up a pillow and assumes a recumbent position against the headboard, while, on my knees I stuff her mouth with my guided missile aiming straight for her tonsils. Hope assists by grabbing my scrotum and stroking the base of my cock. I didn’t think I could come again but thanks to Hope’s expert manoeuvring, I come once more, shooting a load of spunk directly at her tonsils. After everyone had enough hot sex, Dick and Hope get dressed and say their goodbyes, hugging and kissing everyone. Hope makes sure I have her cell-phone number and Dick does the same with my ladies. We all crash in the king-size bed in a pile of satiated, sexy, hot flesh. 