I work for one of the big cola companies, collecting change and stocking vending machines on a route that takes me from high-rise office buildings to low-track motels. I see a lot of bubbly babes during the course of my carbonated travels, and, like a ship’s captain, I have a special girl in every port of call – a couple of whom I’m actually banging as regularly as the shutter door on my truck. One of the girls is Lola, a busty secretary at a suburban high school. She’s built the way a woman should be built – from the tits out – with huge knockers that she’s not the least bit shy about showing off, in hightension tank tops and stitch-straining sweaters. She has long, jet-black hair and flashing green eyes to go along with the blazing headlights, and a slim, spicy body sporting an overstuffed rear-end almost as impressive as her all-natural front bumpers. Lola’s the Thursday eleven o’clock stop on my route, and she makes even going back to school fun. Like the sweltering day a couple of weeks ago when the chesty Latina was wearing nothing more than a sleeveless satin blouse, a black leather miniskirt, and a pair of red pumps. She was explicitly violating at least ten articles of the school’s dress code, and the laws of distraction, but none of the students or staff at the all-boys educational establishment were complaining. “Hi, Lola,” I exhaled, ogling the voluptuous vixen standing at the front counter, as I wheeled my dolly-full of drinks into the office. “Oh, hi, Jeff,” she casually responded. She gave me a little smile and wink when I ran over the clown-like feet of a gangly kid parked outside the Principal’s office. The kid hardly noticed, what with the gravity of Lola’s boobs in the room, attracting all the attention. I pushed past him and strolled down the hall that led to the teachers’ lounge, my head swelling with what I knew was to come, and with whom. There were a couple of teachers lounging around next to the drink machine, bitching about their wives and boasting about their school secretary. I quickly unlocked the machine and unloaded my canned and bottled goods, making as much noise as possible. After I’d done my duty, stocked the machine and sent the horny, horn-rimmed academics packing, my flared nostrils suddenly detected a new scent in the cologneheavy room – the soft, sweet smell of Lola’s perfume. I spun around on my heels and there she was, staring at me, her eyes and heavy-calibre guns locked on-target. “Jeff,” she said coyly, hooking a slender, brown finger in between her glossy lips. “I hate to ask, but can you get a box of paper out of the supply room for me? It’s way too heavy for me to carry, and since you’ve got … the right equipment and all …” I nodded, eyeing the top-heavy chica and grinning like a kid who’s just been awarded a D double-plus. “Sure,” I replied, for the benefit of anyone listening to our cover story. “Be glad to.” I followed the girl’s twitching butt cheeks and gleaming legs out of the teachers’ lounge and back up the hallway. They took a sharp left and we were in the room that housed a humungous photocopier, and beyond that, the locked supply room. Lola lifted the silver chain around her neck and pulled a brass key out of her plunging cleavage, and then bent over slightly and unlocked the door. I parked my lift-dolly as my live dolly flicked on the lights in the supply room. She turned halfway around and beckoned me inside. Her twin peaks were in stunning profile, and I licked parched lips and swallowed hard and dry. Then I hustled into the supply room after her, my prick as rigid as a yardstick. I shut the door and pushed in the lock and grabbed the boys’ school fantasy in my arms, mashing my mouth against hers. She moaned, grabbed on to my head, knocking my cap flying and clutching at my hair as I clutched her. We kissed ferociously, then frenched like we were in Mr Larouche’s language class. Lola’s round mounds pressed against my chest, her thick tongue squirming around inside my mouth, her tits and tongue knocking the wind right out of me. “God, I’ve been waiting to do this all week!” she gasped, echoing my thoughts exactly. Then she caught my slippery sticker between her dazzling white teeth and started sucking on it, blowing tongue like I well knew she could blow cock. I grunted my satisfaction and gripped her bum, sliding my sweaty hands up and under her dangerously short skirt and going skin-on-skin with her firm, plump butt cheeks. It was pantyless Thursday, as usual, and I roughly kneaded her sassy seat cushions, lifting the hotblooded and bodied babe clear off the ground, as she anxiously sucked on my tongue. “Let’s see your tits!” I hissed, when she’d finally given me back my talking-tool. She glanced up at me and smiled wickedly, her chest heaving and her eyes ablaze. Then she shoved me back and popped the buttons on her blouse open. She spun around, shimmied the shiny garment off her buff, brown shoulders, teasing me. The stretched-out top fluttered to the floor, joining my tongue there, as Lola toyed with the twenty-pound-test hooks that barely held her satiny, pink bra together at the back. “Fuck that!” I growled, grabbing the titted tart’s hot little hands and flinging them aside. I unhooked her chest protector with the agile fingers of the unabashed tit-man – a man who’d worshipped overblown boobs ever since the sweaty, pimply days of Victoria Principal’s doublebarrelled exploits on Dallas, and Dolly Parton’s bust-out movie role in Nine to Five; and the sleepless, pillowhumping nights of Elvira, Mistress of the Dark’s, heyday. Lola turned around to face me, arms squeezed together to keep her deep-cupped bra in place, exhibiting enough yawning cleavage to make even the Grand Canyon envious. “These what you’re after?’ she giggled, dropping her arms to her sides, and her bra to the floor. Her ta-tas hung huge and heavy right in front of me, golden-brown globes pressure-capped by protruding, caramel-coated nipples. Twin silver rings hung from her pierced jutters, and tattooed across the tops of her titanic tits, in gothic script, were the words ‘Handle with Care’. She was a wild child, all right, and she cried out with joy when I grabbed onto her jugs and squeezed. “Feel up my titties!” she yelped, the photocopier whirring, pumping out paper, in the room next door. I steered the breast-blessed babe further into the supply room, till her bum bumped into a wooden desk that stood against the back wall. Then I hefted her boobs and bent my head down and licked at her nipples. “Mmmm!” she groaned, closing her eyes and biting her lip. I knew from our previous sessions just how supersensitive the hottie’s hooters were, so I swirled my tongue all around first one stiff, rubbery nipple and then the other, tonguing them even longer and harder, my hands mauling her massive mams as I did so. Then I latched my lips onto one of her nipples and sucked on it, tugged on it, pulled on her ring, nursing tit like I expected a warm gush of nourishment any second. “Suck my titties!” Lola wailed. She lifted her arms and ran her fingers through her shimmering, night-shaded tresses, thrusting out and abandoning her treasure chest to my loving hands and mouth. I sucked long and hard on her one tit, scouring the underside of it with my thrashing tongue, biting into its swollen nipple. Then repeated the erotic process with her other burgeoning boob. Before shoving her jugs together and slashing my tongue back and forth across both of the babe’s wickedly flared nipples at once. Lola’s body and boobs shuddered in my hands, but I kept right on with the tongue-lashing, desperately feeling up her smooth, superheated tit-flesh. Until at last her eyes popped open and she hissed, “Fuck me!” I unhanded her damp breasts in order that she could unhook her skirt, so that I could unbuckle and unzip my pants, and drop them and my drawers. Lola jumped assbackwards onto the desk and spread her legs, her shaven snatch winking with wetness. I shuffled forward, in between her slim, honey-dipped limbs, my arrow-straight cock pointing stiffly and directly at the girl’s slit, straining to find a home there. “Fuck me!” she urged, leaning back against the wall and gathering up her splayed breasts and squeezing them. I shouldered her legs, gulped down some air, and then parted her slick pussy lips with my mushroomed cocktop. I pushed forward, diving deep into the luscious lady’s sopping twat. I started pumping my hips, slowly at first, then faster and faster, getting a good, hard fucking rhythm going. I churned my rod back and forth in Lola’s tight, juicy cunt, the desk banging into the wall, my girl’s ass and boobs shivering with each and every cock-thrust. “Gimme those tits!” I yelled, brushing her hands away and grabbing onto her brown jugs. I groped them, rolled and pulled nipples, relentlessly pistoning my pulsating cock in and out of her pussy. She gripped the edge of the scraping desk with whiteknuckled fingers and desperately twisted her head back and forth against the wall, raven locks falling over and sticking to her perspiration-slick face. “I’m coming!” she screamed. I shifted it into fifth gear, fucking the hootered honey in a frenzy, my lower body smacking against her rippling butt cheeks, my battering-ram cock splitting her in two. “I’m coming, too, baby!” I gritted. Her body jerked and her jugs jounced around in my greasy hands, as I hammered the both of us headlong into orgasm. The sperm in my balls boiled out-of-control and shot up my shaft and spray-painted the velvet walls of the girl’s gushing pussy. I blasted wad after white-hot wad into Lola’s love tunnel, in time to the electric shocks jolting our bodies. When it was finally all over, I exhaustedly toyed with the girl’s glistening melons, gently squeezing them, primping her nipples, as she quivered with the afterquakes of ecstasy. As my still-hard cock sluiced slowly back and forth in her dripping slit. “Same time next week, baby?” I said. Her emerald eyes opened up and met mine. “I’m the only one, right, lover?” she asked. “’Cause I don’t share with anyone else.” “S-sure, of course,” I mumbled. But my fuzzy mind was already flashing forward to the late-afternoon stop on my route – at the hospital, where redheaded, bigbreasted Nurse Mary awaited me, thirsty for the taste of cola and cock. Everything went according to schedule that week: Lola in the morning, Mary in the afternoon. I delivered the fizzy goods with a song in my heart, a smile on my face, and a spring in my step, and prick. But the following Thursday, when I made my regular stop at St. John’s Memorial after a scorching pre-lunch eat-me session with Lola, my titbliss worlds collided in a most disturbing fashion. I was bang on time at : , and by four o’clock I had the machines in the hospital cafeteria locked and loaded and ready to spew fluids, like me. I trucked on down the hallway, took a flight of stairs leading to the basement two steps at a time, and then slipped into the laundry room. It wasn’t exactly the most romantic place in the world, but on-the-job lovers can’t be choosers. At that time of day the room was unoccupied, leaving me and Mary plenty of time and space to get thoroughly fluffed and folded. I strode past the industrial-sized washers and dryers, the tangy scent of laundry detergent filling my nose, until I came to the linen storage closet. I cracked the door open and poked my head inside, a gleam in my eye and steel in my dick. Only, I didn’t just see lovely, top-heavy Mary waiting for me; I saw Mary and Lola waiting for me! In each other’s arms! Lola said, “Hi, Jeff,” as I stumbled inside and shut the door. “H-hi, Lola … Mary,” I responded vaguely. The shock of Lola discovering my afternoon delight, and obviously making it her own, shunted the shit-eating grin off my face and unhinged my jaw. The two chesty chicks were bumper-to-bumper, naked from the neck down, their bodies a study in stunning contrast (except in two important areas, of course). Mary’s the exact opposite of Lola, in personality and distinguishing features. She has big blue eyes, short red hair, and a pale, delicately-featured face. And the sight of her plump, porcelain figure jammed up against Lola’s lusty bronze bod was mind-bending, to say the least. The prominent physical traits the two girls shared were their breasts, Mary’s every bit as big as Lola’s – round and firm and lightly shot through with little blue veins, her incher nipples obscenely pink against their ivory backgrounds. “I followed you here last week, Jeff,” Lola explained. “Found out you were cheating on me.” She turned her head and kissed Mary on the mouth. Mary blushed, but she didn’t take her pale, petite hands off Lola’s brazen butt cheeks. “I told you I don’t share my lovers with anyone else.” Lola slid her fingers into Mary’s hair and jerked the girl’s head forward, pressing her lips against Mary’s lipstick-smeared mouth. They kissed deeply, devouring each other’s mouths, their hot, breasty bodies glued together in glorious nudity. I stood there and gaped, unsure if the two babes were actually serious about each other or just putting on a show for me. Lola answered both my questions by pulling her mouth away from Mary and saying, “Enjoy this farewell, Jeff. ‘Cause from here on in Mary and I are lovers – exclusively. Right, girlfriend?” Mary gazed dazedly at Lola’s glossy lips, as if trying to figure out what they’d just said. Then she nodded her head and stuck out her kitten-pink tongue and licked Lola’s lips, securing the Latina’s sweet revenge. I groaned, having just gone from two busty, bangaway broads to none. But at least they were giving me something to remember them by. So I unzipped my pants, pulled out my cock, and started stroking. Lola and Mary frenched one another, their tongues tumbling together over and over, Lola clawing at Mary’s hair, Mary clenching Lola’s butt, me fisting my dick. Then Lola broke tongue-contact with the flame-haired beauty and pushed back a little. She grasped Mary’s enormous boobs and began fondling them. “Yes, feel up my breasts!” Mary bleated, tilting her head back. “Yeah, feel up her tits!” I growled, buffing my dong. Lola caressed Mary’s bowling ball-sized hooters, tracing fire all over their vast, sensitive surfaces with her fingernails, tweaking the girl’s engorged nipples with her thumbs. Mary groaned, her body trembling. “Suck my tits!” she cried, putting into startling words what I’d been thinking and praying for. Lola lifted Mary’s left breast and teased its extended nip with the tip of her saucy tongue. She licked at the underside of Mary’s nipple, then swirled her tongue all over and around the gasping girl’s pebbly, pink areola. Before vacuuming the inflamed protuberance into her mouth and sucking on it. I cranked my pole-polishing up another ten notches, as Lola tugged on my former lover’s tits, her hands clasping and kneading Mary’s knockers. The redhead’s dewy body shivered with delight. Until she eventually shook off Lola’s mouth and hands and laid down some sensuous tit-play of her own, doing to the Spanish hottie’s ta-tas what Lola had done to hers. “Yeah, baby!” Lola breathed, Mary juggling the girl’s burnished breasts, licking and sucking and biting into her mocha buds, yanking on her nipple rings. My sweet, innocent Mary was anything but sweet and innocent just then, chewing hungrily on her lover’s meaty nipples and queen-sized tits in a lesbian frenzy. She pushed Lola’s boobs apart and excitedly lapped at the girl’s golden cleavage. As I furiously jacked my rockhard dick, my nut sack tightening in ominous anticipation, the temperature in the stuffy room spiking a hundred degrees. “Finger-fuck me!” Lola suddenly screamed. Mary left one of her hands on Lola’s breasts while she dove the other down to the firecracker’s pussy. She slid two purple-tipped fingers into Lola’s baby-faced slit, started pumping. Lola gasped, shuddered. Then she got a good grip on one of Mary’s mams and plugged her own silver-ringed digits into her lover’s fur-dappled sex. “Holy shit!” I marvelled, watching wide-eyed and wonderstruck as the two lusty ladies finger-fucked one another, woman-handled each other’s knockers. The girls went faster and faster. And I kept pace. They urgently pumped pussy and played with titty, recklessly and relentlessly driving one another to the boiling brink of orgasm, driving me right over the edge. My senses overloaded with the sight and sound and smell of those two breast-blessed babes lezzing like crazy. “Fuck almighty!” I bellowed, jerking thick ropes of sizzling semen out of my raging cock. Mary and Lola cried out their own ecstasy, their lush, sweat-slick bodies shaking with orgasm. I saluted their blistering performance with one-handed fervour, spurt after spurt of sperm. Until at last my balls were empty and my cock sapped, the girls slumped together in each other’s arms, boob to boob and nipple to nipple. Lola was true to her word, unfortunately, and I never did get my paws or prick on either busty beauty again. But I’ve got a new route now. And there’s this blonde, thirtysomething office manager with a spectacular rack who’s recently caught my attention … 