Skylar gripped my stiff cock at the base, stretched her obscenely long tongue down to her hand and then licked all the way up my throbbing shaft, slow and sloppy-wet and almost in a straight line. I shivered, and groaned. The busty party girl then swung her tongue around my mushroomed cockhead, setting my whole body to vibrating. She slid her smeared lips over the top of my bloated knob and sucked on it, and I thought for sure I’d lose it; that the whole wild, crazy experiment to inject some new life and positions into my sex-dull relationship with Megan would end in an uncontrolled blast of whitehot semen before it’d even really started. But Skylar – bright as a ten-watt bulb, but oh-soblessed in the sex department – sensed my impending rupture and slowed the flow by sliding her hand up my shaft, pinching me tight just under the hood. I dug my fingernails into the wood of the ping-pong table and willed the boiling sperm in my balls back down to a simmer. Skylar grinned up at me from her plump knees, white teeth clenching my swollen cap, fingers circle-squeezing my shaft until my balls turned blue again. “I thought you were gonna blow it there for a second, baby,” she mouthed, not realizing the full extent of the truth she spoke. I’d picked the green-eyed, bleached-blonde fleshpot up at a seedy downtown nightclub. The kind of place a respectable citizen like myself normally wouldn’t be caught dead in; the kind of place that had me scared and second-guessing as soon as I’d pushed the padded leather door open. But I loved Megan dearly – despite her unwillingness to try anything new – and I wasn’t about to let our fouryear relationship founder on the rocks of boredom without even attempting to jolt it back to life. So, I’d put on some false charm, and a padded wallet and pair of Jockeys, and picked the tipsy blonde up and brought her home. For demonstration purposes only. And now she was glibly bouncing my cockhead around on the end of her tongue while Megan – hopefully – watched from outside the rec shed, behind the small, blackened window that was actually tinted on the inside, rather than the outside. Skylar pulled my cock aside and asked, “Ever had a girl go all the way down on you, baby?” Her eyes sparkled with pride. “N-no,” I choked. “But g-go right ahead.” That’s what it was all about, after all – shocking Megan into the realization that sex could and should be more than just missionary in and out and off. She was a shy, quiet, ‘still waters run deep’ kind of woman, with a Puritanical streak of sexual sobriety that ran a Catholic mile wide. She was the type who liked to be shown rather than told what to do, and since she considered how-to sex tapes ‘filth’, I was showing her in the most vivid, realistic, and radical of ways. Skylar grabbed onto my tightened sack and squeezed, squirmed my balls around with her fingers. I arched with delight. Then she recaptured my bobbing cap in her wethot mouth and began her breathtaking descent. “Jesus!” I croaked, watching her thick lips inch down, down my pulsating erection. I’d thought about just hiring a prostitute, but concluded that would only cheapen the thing. Plus, I wanted to show Megan – along with the different techniques for above-and-beyond sexual satisfaction – that I was still desirable, that if she wouldn’t love me in multiple ways, others would. Skylar dressed like a hooker, but her enthusiasm, sloppiness, and overall pudginess gave her away as an amateur. The goodtime girl went cross-eyed watching her own mouth engulf my pole. Then she choked two-thirds of the way down, yanking me, awash in saliva, out of her gasping mouth. She looked up and giggled apologetically, then sucked air into her overgrown lungs and took right up where she’d left off, devouring my prick in a headlong rush for the short n’ curly roots of all men’s evil. Megan would barely touch my ‘penis’, let alone put her mouth anywhere near it. Snot bubbled out of Skylar’s flared nostrils, her breath puffing hot and humid on to my groin, her mouth and then throat bulging as she lip-crawled the last few exhilarating centimetres down my cock, into my fur. “Sweet Jesus, yes!” I groaned in admiration and jubilation. I shook so badly the ping-pong table started jumping up and down. The plywood walls of the brightly-lit shed seemed to close in on me, the stuffy temperature soaring. I gasped for air, staring into Skylar’s teary eyes. Her red face was right up against my skin, mouth and nose in my pubes, six inches of Tim Hudson buried and pulsing inside the girl. I felt her tongue snake out and lick at my balls, and I jerked with joy. I prayed that Megan was taking shorthand notes out there in the darkness, because the sexual pressure was beyond anything I’d ever experienced before, and it was building and building and building. My blood boiled along with my balls, the wet and warmth and vice-like tightness incredible. “Fuck!” I bayed at the bare light bulb dangling from the ceiling, not giving a tinker’s damn that Megan considered profanity ‘coarse’. Tears of mascara streamed down Skylar’s chubby cheeks, her watery eyes shining, her gleeful tongue caressing my balls. Her mouth and throat constricted around my surging cock, and I feared total meltdown. But then she suddenly snapped her head back, dropping me out of her mouth in a gush of hot spit. Leaving me dripping, dangling on the very slippery edge of ecstasy. “Wanna fuck now, baby?” she inquired, grasping my slickened pole and tugging. “Yes,” I gulped. “Tit-fuck.” I had to squeeze in as much variety as I could – for the edification of my girlfriend – before I blew my cool. Skylar eagerly cooperated, grabbing up her hanging jugs and exposing her breastbone to my twitching cock, rolling her fat, rosy nipples. I pulled my fingers out of the ping-pong table and got a grip on myself, steering my enraged cock into the girl’s cleavage, sliding snugly up and in between her hefty tits. She quickly closed the tanlined flesh over my dick, sealing me in heat and wetness and softness all over again. “Fuck my tits, baby!” she urged, happily juggling the mass of her boobs around. I covered her hands on her breasts with my own sweaty hands and pumped my hips, pushing my ramrod cock back and forth in her suffocating cleavage. It felt blissfully wicked, riding a woman’s chest like that, fucking her tits, the superheated sex tunnel turning my pistoning pipe molten. Megan’s breasts were nowhere near as large as Skylar’s, but they could cradle a cock – if she let them. Skylar and I stared down at my pumped-up hood peek-a-booing in and out of the top of her velvety cleavage, the voluptuous blonde’s chin going triple and her tongue stretching out to meet my thrusting. I churned my hips like a madman, squeezing the girl’s hands and her jiggling tits, torquing up the pressure to the blow-off point. Until I pulled back, just short of eruption. There were more positions to explore, to demonstrate, and time and endurance were running short. I pushed Skylar down on to her hands, as well as knees, and then dropped in behind her – doggy-style; a position Megan was never bitch enough to try. Then I grabbed onto the girl’s chunky cheeks and kneaded the smooth, heavy butt-flesh, before probing her with my cock again, seeking the third sex opening of the evening. I found her wetness, and hit it with my hardness, gliding deep inside her dripping pussy in one sweet, smooth motion. We both moaned. I grasped her waist and moved my hips, spanking her tanlined ass with my body, pumping her cunt with my cock. “Yeah, do me, baby!” she shrieked encouragement, bum and body shuddering. Sweat rolled off the twisted expression on my face and splashed down onto the two-eyes tattoo that looked up at me from Skylar’s lower back, as I gritted my teeth and flung myself at the girl, pounding raging cock into silken pussy. The wet smack of flesh against flesh filled the stifling shack, the spicy smell of sex hanging heavy in the breathless air. I shot a squint-eyed glance over at the blackened window, picturing straight-laced little Megan on the other side, violet eyes wide and kewpie doll mouth hanging open. I was doing this for her, for us – couldn’t she see that? “I’m comin’, baby!” Skylar bleated, reading my ragged mind. She furiously rubbed her clit, brazen body rocking in rhythm to my frantic thrusting. “No-no! Not yet!” I yelped, slamming on the sexual brakes. “There’s one more position I have to show her – do … for you.” I pulled my brimming cock out of the blonde’s sodden sex and made myself even wetter with some spit. Then I spat manmade lube onto Skylar’s bum, and she smeared it between her cheeks, knowing where I was cockheaded. I shoved my hood past her fingers and poked her final sexhole. “Butt-fuck me, baby!” the ever-accommodating girl squealed, shoving back, swallowing me up with her ass. I plugged her gripping chute just as deep as I’d penetrated her mouth and cleavage and pussy. Then I pried her cheeks apart to make sure Megan knew exactly where I was – buried in another woman’s bum. Yes, it was possible, my dear. I regripped Skylar’s waist and started fucking her ass. “Yeah, baby! Yeah!” she cried, frantically buffing her clit as I stuffed her chute. This was the tightest and hottest sex orifice yet, and I quivered from tip-to-toe with eroticism, body and cock on fire. I pounded and pounded the girl’s rippling bum. Until the insanity and wanton sensuality overwhelmed and came crashing down upon me. Skylar’s body shook uncontrollably on the end of my dick, her butt cheeks dancing deliciously as she stroked herself – as I cock-stroked her, and me – to blistering orgasm. “Jesus Fucking Christ almighty, here I come!” I bellowed, head spinning and body exploding. I just barely had enough wherewithal and audacity to add, “In your mouth! In your mouth!” I wrenched myself out of the blonde’s ass and jumped to my feet, Skylar spinning around and scrambling under my blazing cock, sucking me into her mouth even as she still tremored with her own orgasm. I clutched at her hair and let loose, blasting my passion, topping off the erotic demonstration with sizzling fireworks. The corners of Skylar’s mouth leaked semen, as she earnestly swallowed over and over. I spasmed with every fiery spurt, the blonde and I showing my girlfriend a level of sexual communion and commitment I only hoped she’d take to heart, and bed. It was three long, cold nights later before I finally received a response to my radical sexual intervention from Megan. She’d hardly spoken to me since I’d sent Skylar packing with a mouthful of my thanks, would barely look at me. I felt for sure that our long-term relationship had ended with a bang, and I kicked myself for not getting the blonde’s phone number. When I arrived home from work on that third night, and called out for Megan, there wasn’t any answer. Just a folded note on the dining room table. I opened it up with trembling fingers, my body and psyche sagging as I faced the inevitable. ‘See me at the rec shed,’ was all the note said. I stiff-legged it out into the night and in behind the shed, trying to get a bead on the situation by peeking in the tinted window. And I saw my naked girlfriend getting her pussy licked by a naked man. “Yes!” I exulted, pumping my fist into the air, eating up the erotic sight. Megan was wearing only a pair of shiny, black highheel shoes I’d never seen before, leaning against the ping-pong table, the man on his knees in between her slim, spread legs, vigorously tonguing her pussy. Her eyes were closed and her shimmering, raven hair hung loose about her pale shoulders, her red-painted fingernails digging into the bald head of the man. His muscled body was bronze in colour, tattooed all over. He was bobbing that shaven skull of his up and down as he lapped and lapped at my girlfriend’s furry pussy, his wedge of a tongue gleaming pink like a sexual organ in the bright bulb-light, showing me exactly how to do something I’d never done before. As Megan was explicitly demonstrating that what was good for the gander, was good for the goose. This gandering gander couldn’t have been happier, though, because I knew now that our relationship was very much alive, our sex life set on fire. I took a quick glance around the back lane, didn’t see any other Peeping Toms out there in the dark, so gave myself even more exposure, unzipping and pulling my erection out of my pants and stroking. The sight of another man sexing up my Megan in a position I’d never dared dream of turned me on big-time, and I urged the lusty pair on with every excited flick of my wrist. The man of bronze and tats thoroughly tongue-lashed Megan’s twat, before finally pulling his face back and licking his sticky lips. He turned his head to the side to spit out a stray pube and that’s when I recognized the dude with the soul patch. It was Chavez from the loading docks at work! My hand froze on my pole, and I swallowed so hard I almost had my Adam’s apple for dinner. But Megan smiled contentedly at the blackened window, winking at me. Then she pulled her pussy lips apart and got Chavez to spear her pink with his sticker, fuck her with his cockhard tongue. “Slut!” I hissed exuberantly, cranking up my dong again. The big man crushed Megan’s creamy-white buttocks in his ham-hands and savagely pumped his tongue into her exposed sex. Her little body shook with pleasure, her small breasts jumping every time Chavez drove his tongue home. And when the guy at last retracted his oral pleasure tool, latched his thick lips on to her puffed-up clit and started sucking, she full-body shuddered with the erotic impact. Demonstrating a level of sexual arousal and perversity I’d never seen from her before. When she got sucked too close to the edge, she quickly pushed Chavez back from her pussy and said something to the guy. He obediently scooped up and cradled her right foot in his hands, began kissing and licking her porcelain arch where it was enshrined in the slut-shoe. Megan was getting the stud to give me further demonstration of what I could do to spice up her sex life, and mine. He yanked off her high heels, fully exposing her delicate peds. Then he slashed his tongue across her red-painted toes, squirmed it in between the wriggling piggies, one at a delectable time. He captured my girlfriend’s big toe in his mouth and sucked on it, pulled on the other with his lips. Before taking the exquisitely tapered tips of her peds into his huge maw and sucking on both of her feet at once. Megan shivered, her crimson lips forming an ‘O’! I leered and learned, urgently fisting my iron dong, shaking with excitement like Megan, the both of us stoked on wicked, untapped carnality. She got the giant to let go of her feet and stand up on his, his vein-striated cock bobbing up dangerously long and hard. Megan took the giant organ in her tiny hand and squeezed, and Chavez grabbed onto her breasts, stuffed them into his mouth. He mauled my girlfriend’s soft, ivory breast-flesh, slapping at her puffy, pink nipples with his tongue, as she clung to his thundercock like a little lady clings to the end of a big dog’s leash. Chavez chewed on her nipples, swallowing up almost all of one tit and pulling hungrily on it and then doing the same to the other. She had him thoroughly work over her breasts, not the cursory rub and tug I normally gave them. I stroked faster and faster, my breath steaming up the window. Finally, Megan pushed her lover (my fellow employee) down onto his back on the indoor-outdoor carpeting – onto the very same spot where I’d fucked Skylar like I’d never fucked anyone before, three nights earlier. Then she climbed aboard the rugged man, straddling his angry head, easing her pussy down over his open mouth. She screamed as he bit his dirty fingernails into her buttocks and tore into her cunt with his tongue. She glanced towards the window, at me, her eyes glazed over with lust. Then she picked Chavez’s fuckclub up off his ribbed stomach and without hesitation took the enormous crown into her mouth. It was the sweet sixtynine she’d never been willing to share with me before. Chavez fervently tongued Megan’s snatch, as she lowered her head and captured more and more of his meat in the heated confines of her mouth, started sucking on the pillar of cock. I spat down onto my prick, greasing it like I knew Megan’s pussy was greased, like Chavez’s cock was being oiled with my girlfriend’s hot saliva. Megan tucked her shiny locks in behind her right ear as she energetically bobbed her head up and down on Chavez’s dong, so I could fully see and appreciate the oral sex she was performing. I saw it, all right, and greatly appreciated it, fisting furiously as she sucked hard and long on the guy, as he devoured her pussy, plugged a cunt-slick finger into her butthole and pumped. I could hear their animal moaning and groaning right through the plywood, could almost taste my woman’s hot, tangy juices. The sights and sounds and strange feelings I felt at watching my girlfriend go wild with another man soon sent me boiling over the edge. We came as a threesome; me buckling, blasting the wall of the shed with my ecstasy; Megan trembling outof-control with clit-stimulated orgasms, tugging superheated spray out of Chavez’s bucking cock and into her open mouth. And damned if my girl didn’t make the big guy hold and cuddle her after it was all over, giving me one final lesson for the night – and the nights to come. 