When Lucy invited me to a pool party at her house, I thought, well, at least I’ll get to see the cute little babe in a bikini. And seeing was all I was likely to get, was all I had got, in two frustrating months of dating the evasive eighteen-year-old. We’d kissed more than a few times, sure, and done some brief, uninspiring tongue-slapping and chest-petting, but that’d been it. Lucy was a greatlooking girl – long, chestnut-brown hair, warm, brown eyes, a curvy body enhanced by bouncy, medium-sized jugs and a tight, heart-shaped butt – but she was as skittish about sex as a Mormon at a porn convention. I arrived at her house around three, and was greeted at the door of the stone-fronted split-level by her sister, Liz – a frumpy, hippy-dippy chick who was perpetually attending the same college as Lucy and I, majoring in Stalinist poetry and bong pottery. ‘Hi, Liz,’ I said. ‘Is Lucy around?’ ‘Hey, Glen, what’s happenin’?’ she responded after a few seconds of contemplation, her eyes as empty as the stands at a Strawberry Alarm Clock concert. ‘You gonna be at the campus protest tomorrow – to force the science department to free those cockroaches they’re experimenting on?’ I tried to slip past the ’s time warp, before it sucked me in and imploded my brain, but the hall was too narrow and she was too wide. ‘I doubt it. I’ve got socks to iron on Monday. Maybe I’ll see you at your bail hearing.’ She shoved her rose-tinted granny glasses back up her nose and struggled to process my statement. Then she grinned and said, ‘Man, that would be cool, wouldn’t it – gettin’ busted?’ ‘It’s the only bust you’re ever gonna get,’ I muttered under my breath. ‘I guess Lucy’s in the backyard, huh?’ I said out loud, putting a swim-move on the road block to rational thought and sliding past her. I hustled down the hall without looking back, hung a left into a big, airy living room, and then walked to the far wall of the room, which was made entirely of glass. I looked out onto a spacious backyard containing a kidneyshaped swimming pool and recognized Lucy and four of her friends, didn’t recognize a brunette babe floating in the pool on a blow-up chair with her back to me. The bluegreen water sparkled temptingly under the scorching sun. Lucy was sitting on the edge of the pool yakking with one of her girlfriends, their feet dangling into the water. She was wearing a tiny, green bikini, her perky tits barely covered by the thin material, her nipples clearly indenting the flimsy boob-holders. Her lustrous brown hair cascaded down her sun-kissed shoulders and back, and her entire body glistened with tanning oil. I sighed, dreaming of what I could do to that luscious body given half a chance, and rubbed my lengthening cock through my jeans. It was going to be one long, hot afternoon of trying to keep my cool. Then my thoughts of sun and sex, and actual stroking, were interrupted by the startling sound of someone clearing their throat. My hand flew off my hard-on and dove into my pocket, and I whipped my head around. ‘Huh!?’ I gasped, staring at a woman standing off to my right, in the arched entranceway that connected the kitchen to the dining room. My face went redder than mainland China, and my cock curled up into the fetal position. ‘You must be Lucy’s boyfriend,’ the woman commented, glancing from my crotch to the window, and smiling slightly. ‘Uh, yeah…that’s right. You’re, um, not Lucy’s mom, are you?’ I spluttered, dreading the answer I knew was coming to that question; you only get one chance to make a first impression on a girl’s parents, and mine had been in my pants. The woman nodded her head, letting the rest of the air out of my ego and erection. ‘I’m Leslie,’ she said, setting down the paper plates she was carrying on the dining room table and walking over to me, her hand extended. I took it and shook it, my own mitt as damp and limp as a used condom. ‘Uh, nice to meet you, Mrs Brown…Leslie,’ I mumbled. ‘Lucy’s told me so much about you,’ she said, cocking her head to one side and studying me from tip to toe. ‘And you’re just as handsome and muscular as she described.’ ‘Oh, yeah!?’ I gulped, tightening up my chest and arms. ‘Well, I do work out every now and then.’ I eyeballed Lucy’s mom a little more thoroughly, and quickly confirmed the fact that good looks ran in the family, assuming Liz was adopted, of course. Leslie was a mature, fully filled-out version of Lucy, with the same chestnut hair, brown eyes, pretty face and trim body, but with a chest capacity at least twice as great as her daughter’s – her big, heavy-looking tits straining the crimson tank-top she was tightly wearing, her bra-less nipples just about poking holes in the stretched-out fabric. The lady’s curvaceous lower body was spray-painted with faded blue jeans, and her face and arms and shoulders were tanned a deep-dish brown. She sort of looked like Adrienne Barbeau, circa Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death, and I stared at her awesome cleavage and succulent jugs like I was staring into the Grand Canyon for the very first time. ‘It sure looks like you do,’ Leslie said, bringing me back to reality for a moment, but only for a moment, because then she came closer and rubbed my bare arm with her soft, warm, brown hand. ‘You’ve got a nice body, too…for a single mom,’ I blurted, not being the greatest small-talker in the world when there were big doings in my pants. Lucy had told me that her father had passed away two years ago. Leslie ran a thick, pink tongue over her full, scarletpainted lips. ‘Why thank you, Glen,’ she said, stroking my arm. She looked out the sliding glass doors that led to the pool. ‘Lucy can be a little…distant, can’t she?’ I peeled my eyes off the gorgeous MILF’s rising and falling breast-basket and glanced out at the partygoers, not exactly sure what Leslie meant. ‘Uh, yeah. We haven’t…done anything, if that’s what you mean?’ Lucy’s mom reached out and turned the lock on the door. ‘That’s what I thought, poor baby,’ she breathed. She leaned back against the glass and looked up into my saucered eyes. ‘I don’t know where she gets that from; I’m not like that at all. When I see something I like, I go for it.’ And with that stunning confession out of the way, the forty-something honey with the Hollywood body grabbed my shoulders and planted a soft one bang-on my pucker. Holy shit! my addled brain screamed, this sexy, mature mama wanted it, me – bad! She hungrily kissed me a couple more times, in a most unmotherly-like fashion, and then I shook the rust off my synapses and put my arms into motion, wrapped them around her red-hot body and kissed her right back. We sucked face like a couple of horny high-school kids, even though the busty lady had a good twenty-five years on my nineteen. She darted her tongue into my mouth and aroused my own sleeping giant tongue into action, and we started French kissing like it was springtime in Paris, bridging the generation gap via the universal language of lust. I caught my breath and opened my eyes, looked out the window at Lucy dipping her toes into the pool and chattering away to her friends, and suddenly, shockingly remembered our southern exposure. ‘Mrs…I mean Leslie, Lucy – her friends – are going to see us!’ I yelped. Leslie looked at me with her liquid brown eyes and smiled, tiny crow’s feet appearing at the sides of her mouth and eyes. ‘Don’t worry, sweetheart,’ she said, ‘these windows are so heavily-tinted that when the sun is shining on them no one can possibly see what’s going on inside the house.’ I gazed down at her lightly-freckled treasure chest, out at Lucy, and then slipped my hands under the top of Leslie’s top and pulled her big, brown jugs out of the skintight garment. Her incredible tits hung huge and heavy, sagging only a little, her chocolate-dipped nipples – the same milk nubs that Lucy had sucked as a child – jutting a good, solid, rubbery inch out from her silver dollar-sized aureoles. I pondered the beauty of her dangling double-D’s for awhile, my cock a hardened steel rod in my pants, my mind racing back to earliest childhood memories of Kindergarten – chewing on sweet, delicious cookies and then washing them down with frothy, white milk, before hitting the blue blanket for a well-deserved nap. Looking at Leslie’s well-slung titties was like actually seeing the naked boobs of your ultra-hot high school Spanish teacher – the one you imagined tit-fucking while you jerked off in the semi-privacy of your family’s bathroom. Leslie broke into my wet daydreams by pulling her top up over her head and tossing it aside, leaving her sunburnished upper body as bare as my need. ‘What are you waiting for, Glen?’ she asked softly, her ponderous boobs trembling deliciously when she shrugged her buff shoulders. I instantly grabbed onto her ample tits, cupped them, squeezed and kneaded them, revelled in the hot, smooth feel of her swollen boobies. These weren’t tiny little teen titties, bumps on some skinny skank’s girlish chest; these were big, bold woman breasts, over-ripe melons that had, no doubt, seen plenty of action, and would see, and feel, plenty more. ‘Suck my tits!’ Leslie groaned as I felt up her pliable mams, closing her eyes and leaning back against the thin, tinted glass that separated fantasy from reality. Through the looking-glass, I could see Lucy toss a beach ball to some guy in the pool, playing innocent and carefree under the blazing sun, while her wicked mother was playing for sexual keeps only fifty feet away, her lewd, nude boobs clasped in my hands. I swallowed my Adam’s apple, bent my head down, and stuck out my tongue and tentatively flicked it against one of Leslie’s engorged nipples. Her tits jerked in my hands, her body slammed against the window, and she moaned, her breasts obviously very, very sensitive. I gripped the lady’s jugs more firmly in my sweaty paws and swirled my tongue all over her inflamed nipples – licking circles around first one fully-flowered nip, and then the other. Her tit-peaks grew even larger as I teased them, slobbered them with my spit. Then I sucked a burntsugar nipple into my mouth and pulled on it. ‘Yes, Glen, yes!’ the squirming, full-bodied mother of two cried out, grabbing my head and riffling her fingers through my short, blond hair. I sucked hard on her distended nipple, her tit, looking up into her lust-misted eyes, massaging her massive hooters with my hands as I suckled at her breast. I swallowed more and more of her tit, until I had a good, solid half of her mammary sealed between my lips, excitedly tugging on it like I expected to draw warm, wet nourishment. Then I disgorged the sopping wet tit and sucked up her other tit, repeated the same erotic process, thoroughly enjoying the taste and texture of her round, brown mounds. Leslie eventually pulled my face off her chest with a soggy pop and ripped my t-shirt out of my jeans, tugged it up my torso and over my head as I hastily raised my arms. The experienced babe’s eyes were wild, and she ran her hands all over my smooth, bare chest, scratching me with her long, blood-red talons. She grabbed onto my pecs and started tongue-lashing my nipples, her tongue warm and wet and insistent. She licked and sucked and bit my hardened nips, her nostrils flaring, her moist breath steaming against my tingling skin. She clawed at my belt, my zipper, and before I could even react by egging her on, she’d reached inside my pants and trunks and pulled out my cock. ‘Fuck, yeah, Mrs Brown!’ I hollered, the ‘Mrs’ making things all the more sexy. She dropped to her knees and tugged my rock-hard dong all the way out of my jeans, jerking me forward as she did so, and then she started stroking. Fuck, but that turned-on babe’s sure, hot hand felt great on my pipe! Her smooth palm rubbed up and down my throbbing pole, driving me crazy, hand-forging my steel to an awesome length and rigidity. ‘What a beautiful cock you have,’ she breathed, her red-tipped digits sliding back and forth on my prick. ‘It seems to really respond to a mother’s touch.’ Sweet Jesus! The over-endowed MILF was talking dirty and everything! This cock-crazy mama was sure as hell nothing like the typical mothers of the girls I dated; they were usually thick-waisted broads with prison-issue haircuts, Harry Carey bifocals, and as much sex appeal as Rosanne Barr. I popped the button on my jeans open and slid my pants and swimsuit down to my ankles, to give the sexed-up beauty even better access to my wiener and beans, and she quickly cradled my tightened nut sack in her left hand while she jacked my meat with her right. She dexterously juggled my balls with her slender fingers, rubbed my shaft with long, sensuous strokes intermixed with quicker, harder hand-tugs, the silver bands on her thumbs flashing. My body quivered with delight, and just when I thought it couldn’t get any better than having my girlfriend’s mother jerk me off while my girl frolicked in a bikini in the blistering background, Leslie put my piece in her personal piece de resistance by seizing my prick at the base and tonguing my hood. ‘Yeah, suck my cock, Mrs Brown!’ I groaned, my knees buckling with the sexual weight of the well-aged brunette lashing at my bloated cock-top with her slippery tongue. She swirled her tongue all around my cock-head, then bounced it up and down on her cushiony, pink pleasure tool. I clutched her silky hair and pulled her face closer, and she swallowed my cap without hesitation and began a raunchy ride down my shaft. Her full lips slid easily down my straining dick, her mouth stretching wide to allow her to smoothly and wetly inhale my meat. Years and years of practice and polish had obviously taught Leslie the kind of techniques I’d thought only existed in porn videos and locker-room urban legends, because she rapidly gobbled up my cock until her nose pushed into my pubes and she had my entire prick buried in her mouth and throat. My legs shook uncontrollably, the feeling of hot, tight wetness incredible! This definitely wasn’t the half-hearted suck, gag, and spit of the typical grossed-out teenager; this was hardcore, heavy-duty deep-throating at its most seriously erotic. And it was too much for me to handle. ‘I’m gonna come!’ I shouted. Leslie stared up at me with her glittering, brown eyes, her nostrils billowing, her throat constricting, making no move whatsoever to release my long, hard cock from her stuffed air passage. I threw back my head, grunted with joy, and blasted creamy sperm down that wicked MILF’s gulping throat. I came again and again, my body jerking with each and every cum-blast, Leslie taking it all in. And when I’d rocketed my last gooey snowball directly into her stomach, I stroked her thick, lustrous hair and promised, ‘I come quick, baby, but I come often.’ It was a special talent of mine. She slowly disgorged my dripping meat, slid my entire dong out of her talented mouth and throat and stroked its slimy length with her hand again. ‘If that’s the case, sweetheart, why don’t you stick this handsome thing of yours in my pussy?’ she suggested. I eagerly nodded my head. And as my glistening, stayhard cock twitched excitedly, anxious for the warmth of a new sex-hole, Leslie stood up and spun around so that she was facing out towards the pool. She unzipped her formfitting jeans and eased them over her big, round butt, bending forward to slide the faded blue pants the rest of the way down her shiny, suntanned legs. She was wearing as little underwear on her bottom as she’d been wearing on her top – which is to say, none. She winked at me over her shoulder, a saucy smile on her pouting lips, and then she lifted her bare feet out of the puddled pants and placed her hands on the glass and spread her legs. She stood on her tip-toes, her back arched, her brazen butt thrust out and swaying from side to side, tempting me like a red flag tempts a raging bull. I jerked my running shoes out of my jeans and rushed forward, grabbed her oh-so-grabbable ass and squeezed her taut cheeks, my heart racing at two hundred beats a minute, my cock fully inflated. She laughed as I enthusiastically kneaded her pliable bottom, then grew a whole hell of a lot serious by saying, ‘Fuck me, Glen! We’ll watch Lucy and her cute little friends splash around outside while you jam that big, ever-ready cock of yours into my wet cunt and fuck me senseless!’ She pushed her bronze bum further back, spread her legs wider, and I gripped my slick prick with one hand, her waist with the other, and shoved my cock-head into her slippery labes. I pushed my hood through Leslie’s soft folds and into her dripping snatch, only vaguely hearing the sound of voices and music, laughter and splashing, coming from some outside world that I was no longer a part of. She moaned, grabbed onto her hanging tits with one hand while keeping her other hand plastered against the glass. ‘Fuck me, Glen!’ she pleaded. ‘Fuck me like you’d like to fuck my daughter!’ I sucked heated air into my billowing lungs and plunged my dong deep inside her gash, driving it ballsdeep into her juicy cunt. Then I grabbed hold of her waist and started churning my hips, started fucking the overwrought mother. ‘Yes!’ Leslie cried, her head hanging down, both hands splayed against the thin see-through partition that separated us from civilized society. I pumped my engorged cock in and out of her amazingly tight twat, moving my hips faster and faster, sweat coating my face and body as I pounded the heavenly MILF’s ass. The sliding door shook in its frame as I hammered Leslie with my dick, my body smacking hard against her rippling bum, my prick sawing rapidly back and forth in her gripping cooze. Outside, Lucy stood on the diving board and glanced at the window behind which her boyfriend and mother were wildly fucking, like she’d heard something, but then she adjusted the thin straps on her bikini top, felt her titties to make sure they were covered, and dived into the water. ‘I’m gonna come!’ I bleated for a second time that sultry afternoon, slamming Leslie’s puss like a man possessed. ‘No!’ she yelled, pasting her sweat-sheened body up against the glass so that my dick popped out of her puss. She whipped her head around, her hair flying, and stared desperately at me. ‘I want you to fuck me in the ass!’ She wanted it all – all in one session! And I wasn’t about to argue with her; I’d always been taught to respect my elders. I mumbled, ‘You got it,’ and watched in awe as she reached behind her and spread her butt cheeks, serving up her sun-burnished bum for our mutual enjoyment. I spat into my hand, used my saliva and her cunt juices to lube my pulsating dick, and then glanced uncertainly back and forth between my plumped-out prick and her tiny, puckered butt-hole. Just how the fuck was I going to jam my fire-forged, seven-inch shaft into that teeny little opening, I wondered? I was about to question the lusty mom about the impossible physics of the situation, to save her certain abuse, when she hissed, ‘Stick your cock up my ass and fuck me! Now!’ Her fingers clawed at her cheeks, pulling herself apart, her knuckles burning white on the tight, tanned flesh, and I concluded that perhaps all things were sexually possible in our over-aroused state. I hoped so, anyway. I gamely clutched my cock and shoved its angry, purple hood up against her starfish. I pushed hard, and, to my astonishment, my grossly swollen knob punched into her bung without too much difficulty. She pushed back at me, sinking my raging prick into her tremulous ass like a spear into the warm, wet earth. I recklessly ploughed forward, till my front-side made contact with her backside, and the entire length of my dong was buried inside her gripping chute. I restarted that good, old pumping rhythm, and marvelled at how smoothly my swollen cock slid back and forth in the sweet lady’s stretched-out anus. ‘Fuck, yes,’ she whimpered, her hands off her bum now and squeaking up and down on the window pane as I banged her bottom. Then she sent one of her hands down to her cunt, to urgently rub her clit. I torqued up the sexual pressure a couple more notches, furiously pounded my prick into Leslie’s butt-hole, mother-fucking her jiggling bottom again and again and again, till my balls tightened with fevered anticipation and the whole depraved, white-hot situation became way too intense for me. ‘I’m coming!’ I bellowed. ‘Cum in my ass!’ Leslie screamed back, frantically polishing her button, the two of us not giving a flying fuck now if a sudden cloudburst sent the gang by the pool scurrying inside the house for shelter, to witness our frenzied anal-coupling for themselves. I desperately plundered Leslie’s ass a few more times, staring with glazed eyes at her young daughter, as she climbed out of the pool and smoothed back her long, damp hair. Then I blew a sexual fuse and blasted sizzling jizz deep into that coming mother’s bottom. I came hard and long, as she did, the both of us howling our ecstasy. I filled her trembling derriere with what felt like gallons of heated sperm, until I blew a final stiff, sticky salute to her over-ripe beauty and collapsed on top of her, drained of all feeling, grabbing onto her jugs for support. It was only when we were shakily putting ourselves back together, that space cadet Liz wandered into the funky-smelling room and asked, ‘Hey, are you guys okay? I thought I heard somethin’.’ Leslie assured her daughter that everything was better than fine, and Liz shrugged her doughy shoulders and sauntered into the kitchen in search of munchies. I glanced out the window and noticed someone tumble out of an inflatable chair and into the pool – the woman I hadn’t recognized earlier. But when she turned around, she revealed the dripping-wet, jaw-dropping fact that she was the full-figured, equally mature duplicate of the mother I’d just fucked. ‘Maybe you’d like to meet my sister?’ Leslie asked, holding my hand as we watched the glistening vision of loveliness climb out of the pool. The growing bulge in my jeans was my response. 