We were watching the Awards when the camera cut to him. He sat among the audience with a beautiful blonde at his side. When he realised the camera was on him, he smiled that languid smile. The smile that set a million female hearts racing, when they weren’t admiring his toned body. “Here we go,” said Babs. “Cassie will start in a minute. The ultimate kiss and tell.” “I knew him before he was famous,” said Vicky, mimicking my voice. “He said he’d thank me when he got an Oscar.” “I made a man of him,” said Babs, joining in. “He was a virgin till he met me.” I hadn’t told them that! “If you slept with Jonathon Grant, why haven’t you sold the story to the newspapers?” said Vicky. “I know I would if I’d had a celebrity. I can just see you, on the front page of The News of the World, wearing a push up bra, with the headline ‘Jonathon Granted All My Wishes’.” “Yes, how big was his magic wand again?” asked Babs. “Oh, shut up,” I said, pulling a cushion up to my reddened cheeks. I sometimes wish I’d never said anything to them. It’s amazing how you can pull any washed-up bloke at the club on a Saturday night and everyone believes you. Spend a divine hour with someone gorgeous who later becomes a superstar and they think you’re deluded. Unable to bear my friends’ teasing, I got up and went into my bedroom. I flicked the television on just as they were announcing the nominations for best supporting actor. He was among the nominees. What I’d told my friends was the truth. I did know him before he was famous. Before the stylists got to him; before he affected the trans-Atlantic drawl; before his jack-the-lad lifestyle in Hollywood got him into all the gossip columns; before he met the stick insect that the same gossip columns said he’d soon marry. It was fair to say he’d embraced stardom, and all that it brought him. He’d also embraced a lot of women. Chances are I was just another notch on the bedpost. Five years before it had been a different story. He played the starring role in a Shakespeare production at a small theatre in my hometown and I was the cub reporter sent to interview him. He’d been hailed as the man most likely to succeed by his drama school, and was due to appear in an expensive BBC costume drama, which by all accounts involved him spending very little time in a costume of any kind. It would be his groundbreaking role, but when I met him he’d only played a few bit parts, such as a villain in The Bill and a patient with an unusual disease in Casualty. We met in his dressing room. The moment I saw him, I knew he was movie star material. A little rough around the edges perhaps, dressed in jeans and a creased white shirt, with the beginnings of a five o’clock shadow on his chin. But he was also beautiful with vivid green eyes under perfectly arched dark brows. He was tall too. There’d be no standing on a box to reach the leading lady for him. He leaned back on the sofa, while I perched on the arm of the chair, finding it impossible to relax in the company of such perfection. I was all too aware of the sweater I’d thrown on that morning over a skirt that suddenly felt very short. “I see my future as playing a selection of evil Englishmen in American films,” he said in answer to my question. His voice was deep, like thick, melted chocolate. I had a bit of a thing about baddies, and told him so. “As long as they only kill other bad people,” I added for good measure. I stopped short of telling him that Alan Rickman in Die Hard was my favourite fantasy. I’d begun to realise that the divine Alan might be usurped. “And they have to be kind to their lady loves, I suppose,” he said. “Absolutely.” “And give her mind-blowing sex.” I didn’t know how to answer that other than with the affirmative. He looked me up and down, causing me to wriggle on the arm of my chair. My panties felt damp beneath me. I knew that the moment this man appeared on the big screen he’d be the catalyst for a million female orgasms. He wasn’t doing too badly with just me in the room. “Mind-blowing sex is compulsory, especially for bad guys,” I said before I could stop myself. “They have a lot of naughtiness to make up for.” “I’ll bear that in mind when I get my first role. Do you think I should start practising now?” “It’s probably wise to be prepared. Even if you’re only going to be faking it.” I felt I had to get the conversation back on to reality and not the fantasies that were rushing through my head of us playing out every film sex scene I’d ever watched. Nine and a half weeks could easily become a year if only he’d give me the opportunity. Feeling flustered, and realising I had no more questions for him, I stood up and started to say my goodbyes. He stood up too. Standing closer to me, he reached down and kissed my cheek. “Goodbye, Cassie,” he said. “When I get my Oscar I’ll thank you for taking an interest in a nobody.” His lips moved to my mouth, where they rested lightly. I had the feeling he was testing me to see if I responded. I tilted my head to kiss him back, pretending to myself that it would be a quick peck. It was all the encouragement he needed. His lips possessed mine, his tongue sliding into my partly open mouth while his arms encircled my waist. One hand slid down to my rear, pulling up my skirt and cupping one buttock, while his fingers slipped between my thighs, lifting me to him. His erection pressed against my belly. My groin ached with longing. I wasn’t known for being easy but for him I made an exception. After all, he’d hardly be bragging about me down at the pub with his mates. Why not enjoy one day of fantastic sex with him before all those starlets got their hands on him? I don’t remember how we got out of our clothes; I just knew that a few minutes later we lay on the tiny sofa, our clothes strewn around the room where we’d frantically discarded them. His well-toned body covered mine, making me feel small and vulnerable. One hand caressed my breast, bringing it up to his mouth. He ran his tongue around my nipple, then took it all into his mouth, pulling the nipple outwards until it stood erect, and causing a sensation that ran all the way down to my sex. I scraped my nails lightly down his back to his buttocks, digging into the fleshy mounds as he increased the pressure on my breast. He really did have the nicest bum I’d ever been privileged to caress. He trailed kisses down my belly, pulling my legs apart as he knelt on the floor. At first he just looked at my sex, parting it with his fingers. It made me feel shy, but also very turned on while he watched the effects his probing fingers had on my vulva. I could tell it aroused him too. His eyes glittered and he licked his lips as though looking at a meal he’d yet to taste. I could feel his breath tickling my pubic hair. His head swooped and his warm, wet tongue found me. I cried out as an unexpected jolt of pleasure burst through my body. He searched out my clit, moving his tongue faster, while his hand reached up and caressed my breast. I put my own hand over it, urging him to squeeze harder. His fingers, his tongue, he used them all to pleasure me, until at last my body, trembling and exhausted gave into the sensations. I came into his mouth. In the confusion of the orgasm, I felt him move away and wondered, sadly, if that was it. I looked up to see him putting on a condom. “I wanted to suck you,” I said. “This is your wish, Cassie,” he replied. “Come here.” I stood up, my knees still trembling. He clasped my hands and pulled me to the floor. He moved into a sitting position, then placed my legs either side of him, pulling me closer. We sat facing, our crotches touching. Once again his fingers found my vulva, while we kissed deep and long. His hands slid under my buttocks and he guided me onto his cock. I felt him fill me, but the position meant we couldn’t move much. “Oh please,” I said. “Harder.” He kissed me and stroked my hair. “Shhh,” he whispered. “Trust me.” Still we rocked together. I wanted him to throw me back and fuck me senseless, but he was in control and soon I began to realise why. The gentle rocking caused his cock to press against a pleasure point deep inside me. It was like a deep heat, pulling at me, building slowly. The gentle motion caused our whole bodies to slide together as a fine mist of perspiration covered us both. The hairs on his chest tickled me, while his strong thighs pressed against my lower back. Soon the heat inside me began to grow, and I struggled to move faster against his hips. He still kept the pace, gripping me hard against him. The smile on his face told me he was teasing me. “No!” I said, pushing him onto his back, so I finally sat astride him. I pushed down hard onto his cock, and he cried out. Slamming against him, I gained the speed I’d longed for, fucking him as hard as I’d wanted him to fuck me. My long hair fell onto his chest, and he clutched a handful, pressing it to his mouth. I felt his cock twitching inside me, as he tried to stem his orgasm, so I moved faster still, until he could fight it no more. We came together, in an explosion of pleasure that left us both breathless and exhausted. Ten minutes later, I got my breath back, while he lay on the sofa naked, with his eyes closed. I kneeled near to him and gently ran my tongue along the tip of his cock. He groaned, and put his hands in my hair. “I said this was your day,” he murmured, but didn’t stop me. “Just one more wish,” I said, before taking him fully into my mouth. And that was the only time I ever met him. And my friends didn’t believe me. I watched the television as they called him to collect his award. Jonathon was still so gorgeous, oozing the sex appeal that had left me breathless. He thanked a whole list of people and began to walk away from the pedestal. He’d probably completely forgotten me. Then something happened. He walked back to the pedestal, surprising the comedian who was presenting the show. “I don’t usually kiss and tell but I just remembered a promise I once made after one of the best afternoons I ever spent,” he said in his proper voice, devoid of the trans-Atlantic accent. “I have to say thanks to Cassie.” I fell back on the bed, elated, as several pairs of footsteps thundered towards the bedroom. “Call The News of the World! Get Max Clifford on the phone!” said Babs. I knew this was one kiss and tell I’d be keeping to myself. It was time to do a follow-up interview. If Jonathon remembered me after all this time, he might be willing to grant me another wish. 