A bead of sweat ran down the side of Philip’s head and trickled into his hairline. He’d been lying flat on his back on the cold parquet floor for what felt like hours. Realistically, it probably hadn’t even been one hour, but because he’d been trying so hard not to move a muscle for fear of toppling the stack of hardback books resting on his abdomen, every single minute was torture. And yet, at the same time, it was complete and utter bliss. Giovanna was sitting on a wooden chair, the legs of which were either side of his hips – as were hers – and she was using the pile of books as a table. She idly flipped the pages of the weighty tome she was pretending to read, and studiously ignored Philip, as though he really were nothing but a table. Philip’s cock had never been so hard. He was torn. Part of him wanted the books to fall so Giovanna’s beautiful eyes would flash with anger and she would punish him the very best way she knew how. The other part wanted to please her, in the hope that she might let him bury his face between her thighs and lick her delicious pussy to orgasm, and maybe, just maybe, be allowed to come himself. Another droplet of sweat followed the first one into his rapidly dampening hair. Philip’s erection strained beneath his clothes, and he decided to try and distract himself by thinking of something else. Trees. Taxes. Tridents. It didn’t work. Instead, his mind wandered to how he’d gotten into this predicament in the first place. Giovanna was Philip’s boss – in the usual employment sense, as well as the mistress and slave sense. Just a few short weeks back, he’d been wandering the high street of the town he lived in, and had come across an amazing-looking bookshop. He’d peered through the window, fascinated. The slightly gloomy interior was all dark wood and spiral staircases, and was a book lover’s wet dream. And Philip was a book lover. Turning, he made for the door. As he reached it, he noticed a sign stuck to the pane of glass in its centre. EXPERIENCED BOOKKEEPER WANTED. COMPETITIVE RATES. APPLY WITHIN. Philip didn’t need a job. He was, in fact, a highly qualified accountant, and some of the past investments he’d made had come good and meant that he could live very comfortably off the profits. In fact, it wasn’t worth his time to work, as the taxman would pinch even more of his pennies. Philip didn’t need any books, either. His custom-built home library was fully stocked with an abundance of fiction and nonfiction, and he really needed to read and get rid of some of them before he started purchasing more. He peered through the door, catching sight of a voluptuous bespectacled woman standing behind the till, writing in a notebook. She sure was easy on the eye, with her long dark hair pulled up into a high ponytail, and the hint of ample cleavage peeking out of the top of her blouse. She must have caught sight of him out of the corner of her eye because her head snapped up from what she was doing and she looked straight at him. Peering over the top of her glasses, she continued to gaze at him, unsmilingly. Many people would have found her demeanour cold, unapproachable. Philip pushed open the door and walked in. Before he knew what he was doing he’d walked straight up the counter and the aloof woman behind it, and said, “I’m interested in the job.” She put down her pen and raised an eyebrow. “And what are your qualifications?” He was, in fact, vastly overqualified for the job she was offering. He could do the paperwork for the bookshop standing on his head. With one hand tied behind his back. However, the cool, unimpressed stare the woman gave him made him want to impress her – and so he gave her the full whammy of his qualifications and experience. The woman’s face remained impassive. “It sounds as though you’re used to much bigger accounts than you’d be dealing with here. Why on earth are you interested in this job?” Because I want to fuck you. “Because I live off the profits of some wise investments and don’t need to work, but I do need something to fill my time, before I go stir-crazy. There’s only so much golf a man can play. I figure you can pay me in—” he’d been going to say books, but as he tore his gaze away from her steely one and onto the tantalizing curves of her body, his brain substituted the word for a much more inappropriate one, “—kind.” The bookseller’s eyebrows shot almost into her hairline. Philip gulped. Stupid idiot, what did you say that for? She’ll have you done for sexual harassment! Narrowing her eyes, the woman paused for a few seconds, then asked coolly, “What’s your name?” Unable to cope with the intense glare he was being subjected to, Philip lowered his eyes to the counter between them and mumbled his name. He also pulled in his shoulders protectively, fully expecting her to flip her lid and give him a tongue-lashing before throwing him unceremoniously out of her shop. “Well, Philip, I do need someone to balance my books. And—” she looked him up and down “—it certainly seems as though you’re more than up to the job.” She thrust out a hand. “I’m Giovanna. And you’re hired.” Philip took her hand and shook it. It was cool and dry, much like her demeanour. And that had been the start of their relationship. Giovanna had taken charge immediately, leading Philip into the tiny room behind the counter and showing him where everything he needed could be found. He’d followed that rotund, swaying arse willingly and decided there and then that he’d follow her anywhere. She’d watched him as he’d leafed through paperwork and tried to make sense of it – she’d obviously not been doing any bookkeeping at all until he’d shown up. There were bits of paper, scribbled notes, receipts and invoices shoved randomly into box files; and although Philip was exasperated at the amount of work he would have to do to even get the stuff in order, let alone balance the books, he was also secretly pleased. It meant more time spent in the company of the divine Giovanna. He was already so besotted that he’d happily watch paint dry, if it meant being with her. Hopefully she’d be so grateful that he’d sorted out her paperwork nightmare that she’d deliver on the promise her eyes had given as they’d looked him up and down. Under Giovanna’s watchful gaze, Philip continued his job with renewed vigour. Later that day, Giovanna had indeed paid Philip in kind. When he’d padded out of the office to where she was dusting the banister of the gorgeous spiral staircase, she’d peered at him over her glasses, her cold blue gaze pinning him to the spot. “Done?” she said curtly. Philip nodded meekly. “Yes. I’ve got everything pretty much sorted out, but I’ll come back tomorrow with a proper ledger to get everything recorded so its easy for you to refer back to, if you ever need to.” “Yes what?” Giovanna asked. “P-pardon?” “You said yes, when I asked if you were done. And I’m now asking you, yes what?” It took Philip a good few seconds to understand what she was getting at, but as those piercing blue eyes continued to burn into him, he suddenly understood. Or at least he hoped he did. “Yes, Mistress.” Giovanna gave a satisfied nod. “That’s better. Now finish cleaning this, and then you can go.” She tossed the duster at him, and Philip immediately set to his task. Giovanna climbed the staircase, giving him a tantalizing view of her rump as she did. Then, just as she reached the top and he was about to silently lament the loss of the spectacular view, she turned and sat on the top step. Philip’s already semi-hard cock sprung to full attention. Giovanna had positioned herself so that anyone looking up at her from below would be able to see right up her skirt. This would have been enough to drive Philip to distraction, but Giovanna had taken it one step further. She wore no underwear, and her bare pussy was completely on display. Philip had no idea if he was supposed to look at her or not, but he couldn’t tear his gaze away. Licking his lips, he eventually clawed back the presence of mind to turn his eyes to Giovanna’s face, which wore a smug grin. “Like what you see?” Philip’s throat was suddenly so dry that he opened his mouth to respond, but couldn’t make the words come out. Instead, he nodded vigorously, desperate to palm his cock and enjoy some temporary relief, but instinctively knowing that would be the wrong thing to do. Not without permission. Where had that come from? Since when did Philip, the bigshot wealthy accountant, wait for permission? Giovanna’s grin widened, and she pulled the hem of her skirt up, parting her generous thighs at the same time. Philip’s attention immediately snapped back to the beautiful pussy that was being displayed before him; the splayed and swollen labia, the sheen of juices, and the nubbin of sensitive flesh that resided at its apex. He wanted to eat her; pleasure her delicious cunt until she came all over his face. “Want a closer look?” Now, her smile was as wide as the Cheshire cat’s. An arched eyebrow seemed to punctuate her ridiculous question. Ridiculous because the answer was so obvious that the question may as well have been rhetorical. Eager for Giovanna to allow the very thing she was asking, Philip swallowed, and forced the response from his mouth. “Yes, please, Mistress.” Her slick pussy was so tempting that it took all of his willpower not to dash up the stairs, grab those luscious thighs in his hands, and eat it for all he was worth. Instead, he waited patiently for her response. His cock, however, wasn’t so well behaved. It strained against his clothes, making every movement both painful and incredibly stimulating at the same time. Giovanna said nothing, and the two of them stared silently at one another for a good few minutes, until eventually, she said, “Come.” Philip would have liked nothing more than to come, but he knew that wasn’t what she meant. He dropped the cloth in his hand and scrambled eagerly up the stairs until he was two steps down from Giovanna, which, when kneeling, brought his face almost level with her cunt. Still, he waited, resisting the urge to rub his swollen crotch against the edge of the step in front of him. She’d know exactly what he was doing, and he was damn sure she wouldn’t approve. He wasn’t going to risk pissing her off because there was no way she’d let him lick her pussy then. And he really, really wanted to taste her. His good behaviour was rewarded when Giovanna finally uttered the words he’d been longing to hear. “Make me come.” “Yes, Mistress.” Philip didn’t need telling twice. As soon as the words left his mouth, he shuffled forwards, slipped his hands beneath her creamy fleshy thighs and lowered his head to the prize between them. As his tongue touched her heated, swollen cunt, his cock leapt. She was delicious, but then, somehow he’d known she would be. How could such a woman be anything else? He ate her pussy the best way he knew how, enthusiastically licking and nibbling at her labia, dipping his tongue into her saturated channel, and sucking her engorged clit. Giovanna spoke no words of encouragement, and not so much as a moan or a sigh issued from those perfect lips, but the occasional involuntary twitch or thrust of her hips told Philip all he needed to know. Plus, he felt sure that if he was doing something wrong, she’d soon let him know. Giovanna wasn’t exactly backwards in coming forwards, which is how he’d ended up eating her out on a spiral staircase in her shop, having met her only a few hours previously. In all of his previous sexual encounters, Philip had found that when going down on a woman, the noises she made were important to help him gauge how he was doing. The absence of any sounds from Giovanna, however, just made him try harder. If he could wrench even the tiniest moan from her, he’d be thrilled. A titbit of delight was thrown to him when, rather than making a noise, Giovanna moved her hands from where she’d been leaning back on them, and tangled them into his hair and pulled him more tightly to her crotch. He took that as a sign that she was close to coming, and, remembering that her order had been “make me come” with no specifics as to how, he shifted his right hand from where it had been gripping her ample thigh and slipped two long fingers up inside her pussy. Manoeuvring so he was stimulating her G-spot, Philip was hugely gratified when he heard a sharp intake of breath from Giovanna. He decided there and then he was going to get a noise out of her, even if it killed him. Capturing her clit between his lips once more, he began to suckle and nibble it, as he stroked the soft pad of flesh deep inside her cunt. The walls of Giovanna’s pussy clenched tightly, and he felt a fresh surge of blood to his dick as he imagined how it would feel to have his shaft buried deep inside her instead of his fingers. He wondered if he would ever find out. He really hoped so. Soon, the rippling of Giovanna’s pussy made him forget all about fucking her, and concentrate solely on giving her the orgasm of her life. He worked his fingers roughly against her sweet spot, and flicked at her clit with his tongue until his jaw ached. Suddenly, Giovanna’s grip on his hair tightened, and he heard a series of tiny grunts before she let go and her orgasm washed over her. Philip whipped his fingers from her cunt and replaced them with his mouth, so he could taste the delicious juices that trickled from her. Tart, and yet somehow sweet at the same time, Philip couldn’t help the groan that came from his own lips as he suckled at her lower ones while she bucked against his face. Giovanna’s movements slowed as her climax waned, and Philip felt the feeling come back into his scalp as she released her hold on his hair. As Giovanna then leaned back on her hands for a few seconds as she got her breath back, Philip expected her to recline on the steps for a little while. But no, she was made of tougher stuff than that. Suddenly, she stood and snatched her skirt back into place, before looking down at where Philip still crouched on the step. He paused, wondering what she would do next. A curt nod, perhaps? Giovanna managed to surprise him again. She leaned down and patted him on the head, not unlike the way you’d pat a dog, and said, “Very good.” Heat rushed to Philip’s face. He’d pleased her, and that pleased him. He still had a raging hard-on, but somehow, he didn’t care. Making Giovanna happy was more important, and he suspected that he’d get rewarded at some point. Several weeks later, and he was still waiting. Giovanna was really making him work hard for his reward, which is why he was flat on his back being used as a human book rest. Sure, over time she’d given him little rewards, like more pats on the head, and even allowing him to rest his head in her lap, but she hadn’t yet allowed him to come. She’d even forbidden him from masturbating, claiming she would know if he did it when he wasn’t with her. Philip was too frightened to take the risk. He wasn’t miserable, though. Far from it, in fact. From the moment he’d set eyes on her, Giovanna had awoken the submissive inside him that he never knew was there. Every time he was allowed to feast on her tits, her pussy, rub her feet and lick her shoes was a reward to him. He adored her. Worshipped her, even. Back in the present, Giovanna had obviously realized that Philip’s mind had wandered. She slammed the book she was reading closed, causing the pile of books beneath it to teeter dangerously. Philip scarcely dared breathe, in case the movement turned the teeter into a topple. He didn’t want to let her down. Not now. Not ever. Quietly, she asked, “What were you thinking about?” “You, Mistress. How we met, the things we’ve done . . .” He tailed off. He daren’t confess how much he wanted to come because if she knew how much he desired it, she might just make him wait even longer. And at this rate, his balls would soon drag on the floor when he walked. “Hmm.” Philip wasn’t sure if she believed him, or whether she wondered what he was going to say before he stopped himself. “You have done very well in the time that we’ve been together. Especially for a novice.” “Thank you, Mistress. I just want to make you happy.” A curt nod acknowledged his words. Then she stared into the middle distance for a few minutes before snapping her attention back to the pile of books in front of her, and the man beneath them. She stood carefully, then pulled the chair from its position across Philip’s body. Philip’s heart thumped hard in his chest as he wondered what she was going to do next. He worried that the thump-thump-thump would dislodge the books, but as Giovanna straddled his lower legs, he knew that there was no way he could calm his thundering pulse. When Giovanna reached for his belt, Philip knew the books were done for. It was just a matter of time. She undid his belt and fly, then eased his straining prick out of his boxers. Philip gulped, and stared at the pile of books as though he could pin them into place with his gaze. Adding to his torment was the fact that the books being there meant he couldn’t see what Giovanna was doing. And she was a seriously unpredictable woman. The last few weeks had proven that. A gasp escaped his lips as Giovanna’s hand wrapped around his swollen shaft and began to stroke it. Slowly at first, then faster until Philip felt his orgasm hurtling towards him at an alarming speed. The books swayed dangerously as his lungs pulled in the air he so desperately needed. He sent a silent prayer to any deity that might be listening to just keep those books upright until he’d come. Once he’d come he could deal with anything, including any punishment Giovanna might see fit to dish out after allowing those goddamn hardbacks to hit the floor. As it happened, the acts were simultaneous. As Giovanna’s expert fingers teased a climax out of him, the resulting jolt from his body sent the books tumbling. Luckily, the heavy tomes went off to one side, rather than hitting either of them. Even luckier for Philip, Giovanna didn’t stop touching him. In fact, she continued to work his cock until she’d milked every last drop of spunk out of him and he was spent and gasping like a man starved of oxygen. As he struggled to get some semblance of normality back to his breathing and demeanour, Giovanna stood and stalked away. Philip frowned. He hadn’t exactly been expecting a cuddle, but to walk away without a word? His unasked questions were answered as she returned with a tea towel from the kitchen and dropped it into his lap with a smile – the first he’d ever seen from her. “Clean yourself up,” she said, her eyes twinkling. “It’s month end. You’ve got some more books to balance.” 