I drift out of sleep into a sultry afternoon and stretch my limbs, thinking of my man. I know he should be home and I can already imagine his lean hard body pressed against mine. With limbs still heavy from sleep, I get out of bed and pad barefoot to the window, feeling the mellow warmth of the bare floorboards beneath my feet. Parting the curtains a little, I open the window wide, breathing in the scent of the musky scented shrub clambering up the wall outside. A large bee enters its milky-pale blossoms, probing its fertile depths. Bright ribbons of sunlight penetrate the gaps in the curtains, striping my bare breasts with heat. Closing my eyes, I run my hands down over my stomach, feeling a different heat. His footfall is soft and I don’t hear him come in. ‘Hey,’ his familiar warm voice is low. ‘How was the night shift? Is my nurse ready for a cup of tea?’ His dark eyes fall to my hands spread low on my stomach and he moves knowingly towards me with that animal-like grace he’s blessed with. Pressing one big hand over mine, he pushes downwards, moistening our fingers. His hand works expertly on me as he kisses me. I have to pull the waistband of his shorts out carefully to release him, he’s so steely hard. He pushes himself between my thighs, but doesn’t enter. The heat between my legs turns to fire and I put my hand under his penis, bearing down on it, moving in a lazy rhythm. Then I’m coming, feeling like I always do that there’s nothing better in the world, wanting to scream out at the pure ecstasy of it, as it goes on and on. As my orgasm fades away, he pulls himself from between my legs, spurting liquid warmth over my stomach. I wait for him to quieten, then cream the sticky mound of my stomach against his flat one. ‘Dirty bitch.’ ‘Now I’ll have that tea. Then you can really fuck me.’ ‘Insatiable.’ I lie back on the bed sighing in deep contentment and my mind drifts back to when it all began… In what now seems like another lifetime, I worked in an office. It was there I met Oliver, an arousing compensation for the grinding routine of my days. The attraction between us was instant and electric. I used to watch his long-fingered hands and imagine them all over me. His favourite trick was to come up silently behind me with that light, fluid tread of his and blow softly on the back of my neck, then knead my shoulders. He was sublimely intelligent, tall and lean, with fine, floppy black hair that fell over his high forehead and dark expressive eyes that smouldered whenever they looked my way. But he was already in a relationship, and not wanting to be just another file in his in-tray, I reluctantly kept him at arm’s length. When he left to start his own company, it was almost a relief. But I never forgot him. The years wore on. I abandoned office life, entered nursing, married the wrong man and divorced – heartbreakingly – but I was pretty much over it by that balmy day in late summer that was destined to shape my future. I was sitting outside a little French café on the edge of town waiting for a friend, when she rang me on my mobile to say she couldn’t make it. Disappointed, I was about to leave when I felt a breath soft as cobwebs on the back of my neck. I spun round and, incredibly, there was Oliver. My knees went weak and I was back down the years in that dreary office, melting beneath his gaze. He placed his hands on my shoulders and kissed me on both cheeks, smelling subtly of expensive aftershave. Looking sexy and stylish in an immaculately cut dark suit, his voice was still that low, rich one I remembered, ‘How are you?’ My answer was from the heart, and even in only those bare moments, already from somewhere lower. ‘Better for seeing you.’ His gaze smouldered and I could feel the old chemistry flare, working its way upwards until I could feel it in my cheeks, where I hoped I was glowing becomingly. ‘Shall we?’ Oliver indicated an empty table and we sat down. He ordered some coffees and removed his jacket, revealing the same broad shoulders and narrow waist my eyes used to linger greedily over. As he loosened his tie, I watched his hands, intently I guess, because he asked, ‘What?’ I had a sudden feeling for seizing the moment or it might be gone forever. ‘I was just remembering how I used to imagine your hands all over me.’ He didn’t bat an eyelid, as if it was no more than could be expected, grinning. ‘And I couldn’t look at you without getting an erection.’ I thought his grin was too smug, so with a quick glance around, slid my hand beneath the table. ‘Nothing changed there then.’ ‘Christ, Hannah!’ His grin collapsed, and although I’m not usually the giggling sort, I couldn’t help but do just that, he looked so twitchy. My hand squeezed his cock. ‘It’s okay, nobody’s looking.’ ‘You’ll get us thrown out.’ His embarrassment didn’t stop his crotch from thrusting upwards though, and I kept my hand there, seizing the moment again. ‘Hmmm, maybe.’ His voice was husky, ‘Are you free this afternoon?’ I nodded, trying not to look as ecstatic as a child surrounded by a pile of presents. ‘I’ve been let down by the friend I was meeting.’ ‘Boyfriend?’ Our coffees arrived and I removed my hand, putting my elbows on the table, cupping my chin in my hands, relishing the look of him. ‘No, girlfriend. So are you free too?’ ‘For you, yes.’ I’ve always been an outdoor girl. ‘There’s a lovely forest walk close by if that smart suit can cope.’ ‘No worries.’ I excused myself to go to the loo. When I returned, my pants were in my bag. Oliver pointed to where a multistorey car park reared its ugly head behind the Georgian rooftops. ‘I’m parked over there, or did you want to take your car?’ ‘No, I live near, so I walked in.’ Twenty minutes later we’d stuttered through the town’s relentless traffic and were bowling along a thin grey ribbon of road. The short journey seemed endless, but at last the sign for the forest appeared and Oliver swung the low black convertible off the road, parking beneath a lofty stand of pines. Leaving the car, we took the wide grassy ride that snaked away before us, he pulling off his tie and undoing the top buttons of his shirt as we walked. Quite soon I spotted the trail I was looking for. ‘This way.’ I plunged between tall waving grasses, praying nature hadn’t been too rampant since my last visit, seeking the secluded clearing I first discovered while out walking with my then husband, Ben. I’d tried to tempt him with some outdoor loving – blanket on the ground and all that stuff – but he was never one to bare his buttocks to the sky. ‘Just where are you taking me?’ ‘Be patient, I’m looking for signs. I didn’t get my orienteering badge in the Girl Guides for nothing…there’s an old fallen tree…look, there it is. Only a bit further…YES, we’re there.’ I squeezed through a gap in a tangle of tall overgrown bushes. ‘Christ, woman, this had better be worth it.’ I breathed a sigh of relief, for the clearing was little changed, its floor carpeted with mossy grass and today, dappled with shifting sunlight. Oliver emerged behind me, staring around at our camouflaged hideaway. ‘Wow.’ He dragged me over to a tree and leaned back against its ivy-clad trunk. ‘Come here.’ He pulled me against him. ‘Before we go any further – as I’m feeling my behaviour’s been rather mercenary, and okay I know you feel the same – but can I just say it’s lovely to see you again.’ ‘Me too.’ But really, lovely was far too tea at the vicarage for how I was feeling. Breathing fast, Oliver deftly undid my silky dress and let it slip to the ground, while I pulled impatiently at his belt and zip, releasing his swollen penis, rubbing it against my belly. With a moan that said he didn’t want to wait, he gripped my buttocks, bending his knees and lifting me off my feet. I was already so wet, he slid silkily inside me. ‘Fucking hell, Hannah…can’t wait…’ ‘Jesus, me neither.’ He thrust in short rapid movements, but I think if he’d simply remained still, the white heat would still have ripped through me. I buried my head in his chest to stifle my cries, but he moaned like a man in pain and must have frightened the wildlife. He lowered me slowly to the ground, his softening penis sliding out, its wetness mingling with the sweat that had bloomed like mist on my belly. He took a deep trembling breath. ‘Holy shite, I haven’t come so quick in years.’ ‘Bloody hell, me neither.’ We lay out down on the spongy, dry grass then, limbs still quivering, my head resting on his stomach, we caught up with the years. ‘I’ve got an expansion plan which means I’ll be based here in the city. I’ve just bought a place down here,’ he told me. ‘Really?’ Did dreams come true? If he answered my next question as I hoped, they might, ‘Marriage?’ ‘Nearly; she had a lucky escape. Why’re you grinning? You look like the cat that got the cream. Hey…’ He pulled me up into his arms. ‘It was always going to be good, wasn’t it? Me and you. We have to see each other again…however, I do have a question first.’ ‘What?’ ‘Doesn’t your pussy get cold without knickers?’ I saw him the very next evening. We’d intended going to a restaurant. ‘Are you very hungry?’ he asked when he arrived on my doorstep. ‘Ravenous.’ He looked disappointed. ‘For you.’ We undressed each other slowly in light dimmed to a rosy glow through closed red shutters. Men have never been beautiful to me, but Oliver was. He was smoothly toned with nothing over-muscular about him; even his penis in its flaccid state – long and slim – complimented his lean physique. But now it was stirring, and my heart began beating hard at its impressive transformation. Moving my hand up and down its rubbery length, I kissed my way down over his neck and hairless chest. Gripping his narrow hips, I crouched before his long flanks and taut belly, moving up and down so his hardness slid between my breasts. Kneeling, I took him into my mouth, but, already aching to have him inside me, I pushed my hand between my moistened thighs to ease the throbbing there. Oliver’s breathing quickened, each outward breath a gasping moan, and his juices tasted sharp on my tongue. Then abruptly he pulled himself free and knelt down before me. ‘I thought you liked it,’ I whispered between rough kisses, greedily pushing his cock between my legs, and I could have yelled in frustration when he drew back. ‘I’ve only been here minutes. I need to prove myself after peaking so early yesterday.’ He stretched out on the soft rug and I straddled his belly, pressing wetness over the dark arrow of hair there, feeling his erection taunting like a hard rod up over my back. It was no good. ‘Too much foreplay,’ I groaned, a desperate need pulsing through me. I knelt up, lowering myself onto him, leaning over him, pinning him to the ground by his arms. He closed his eyes, arching his head back. ‘Ahhhh…I give in.’ His fingers dug into my flesh and I rode him hungrily, drenching his groin. His voice was a whimper, ‘Christ, I’m aching…’ When he came it was in a way too intense for sound, giving silent shuddering thrusts as my own peaks of rapture overwhelmed me. Our loving from then on never lost its first promise. Lust grew into an intoxicating love, and when we could no longer bear to say goodnight, I sold my house and moved into Oliver’s rambling old cottage on the heath. It was bliss, and also, let’s be honest, being able to indulge my caviar taste after living on a meat paste budget wasn’t a hardship. I suppose nothing remains the same forever. Insidiously, Oliver’s work began to overshadow our relationship. Once we’d made love as soon as he came in the door, often never getting beyond the stairs, now it was quickies grabbed here and there. Desperate to regain our old closeness, not to say lust, I booked a surprise holiday for us to a favourite Greek island of mine, but his reaction made me realize how little I really knew him. His eyes grew ice cold and his stark rejection had the impact of a physical blow, ‘This deal I’ve been telling you about. Haven’t you been listening? Of course I can’t go. Go on your own.’ In the wintry silence of the next few days, I tried to convince myself it was only a row, but deep down I knew it was more fundamental than that. The ruthlessness that had made him such a successful businessman had spilled over into our lives. I’ve always been good at snap decisions, so after ringing a girlfriend and begging a bed, I packed a couple of suitcases, wrote Oliver a note, and left. All week I didn’t respond to his messages on my mobile, because none were apologetic. Oh I longed to speak to him, ached to hold him, but the holiday was looming uncancelled and, towards the end of that interminable week, I decided to go alone. Chugging on the old ferry towards the island, jutting fingers of land beckoning inwards to white sheltered coves and verdant hillsides spiked with elegant cypresses, I wondered if I’d made the right decision. Alighting on the quayside, with the sun baking the whitewashed tranquillity of the harbour, I was greeted warmly by Aglaia, the holiday rep. She indicated a strongly-built, smiling man around my own age. ‘…and this is Nikos.’ I looked up into a pair of mischievous dark eyes with golden lights and impossibly long black lashes. ‘His parents own your apartment. He’ll drive you there.’ ‘yia sou,’ Nikos said. ‘Ti kanete?’ ‘yia sou. I’m good, thank you.’ I felt glad he’d chosen a few Greek words I knew, because he looked pleased. A few days later, my skin was turning a light, toasty brown and my auburn hair was tinted with pale copper lights. I strolled in the olive groves, swam from white pebbled beaches, ate at friendly harbourside tavernas, and although Oliver still filled my waking thoughts, he no longer haunted my dreams. Nikos often lingered for a chat in his popular family taverna. Apart from possessing arresting good looks, he had an easy, laughing way with him that, after Oliver’s intensity, I found refreshing and totally disarming. Some parting advice from my girlfriend kept returning to me, making me smile – the best way to get over one man is to get under another one. ‘Don’t you get bored here?’ I asked Nikos one evening. ‘When a beautiful girl sit before me? No. Anyway, I am not here all year. I am a student, studying business.’ He laughed at my look of surprise. ‘You think I am old for a student. Thirty-one is not so old. I shall work on the mainland when I get my degree.’ He waved a hand around the busy taverna. ‘Running this is no longer for me.’ He inclined his head to one side. ‘And you? Why all alone?’ I’d had a few glasses of wine and my barriers were down. ‘Problems with my man.’ He leaned over and kissed my cheek in a sweet gesture. ‘Your heart will mend.’ The following day, feeling adventurous, I hired a gailycoloured boat from Nikos’s grizzled father, Theodore, who was as old Greek as any you would find. With glaring chauvinistic reluctance to trust an inferior female with his craft, he demonstrated its outboard motor and how to pull in the anchor rope, grumbling, ‘MAN do motor, woman do rope.’ Luckily, the sea was calm that day, as I couldn’t quite see myself coping with Theodore’s small boat slicing through surf, and after passing four already claimed coves, I found the deserted one I was hoping for. After a bungled landing that would have had Theodore throwing his hands up in dismay, I moored his boat, scrambled gracelessly out onto warm shingle, laid out my towel and stripped to a floppy hat. Placing a parasol seaward for modesty, I drank too much wine after an olives and cheese lunch, then to the tinkle of goat bells from the cliff top high above, drifted off into velvety sleep. The sun was low in the sky when I awoke, gazing drowsily around. Down by the water’s edge, my parasol lay upended, blown there by the lively wind. I stood and raised my hands above my head, stretching. Then I froze, for watching me, from a boat that rose and fell gently on the shallow waves, was Nikos. I sucked in a sharp breath as he slid from the boat and waded in, his olive-bronze skin glistening as the water ran down over his white shorts, the wet material moulding itself around blatant masculinity. I didn’t move, except to drop my arms, as he came to stand before me. Playfully, he removed my hat and tossed it on the shingle. ‘You are overdressed.’ ‘Come.’ He caught my hand and ran with me towards a huddle of rocks beneath the cliffs, grabbing my towel on the way and laying it behind them. With his gaze locked on mine, he boldly stepped out of his shorts. It was cheeky, but in that shimmering turquoise and golden world of sea and sun, it simply felt seductive, and I was already excusing myself with the thought, you asked for this, Oliver. I cupped the pliant drop of Nikos’s testicles in my hand, kneading them gently. ‘I guess dropping one’s shorts before a lady is the Greek version of foreplay?’ He grinned. ‘You don’t like?’ I didn’t answer because I was having difficulty catching my breath as his long shaft lost its flaccidity and rose towards his flat belly. His voice was soft, ‘Lie with me.’ We lay down on the towel, fastened together, a rock pressing into my bottom. Passion hadn’t quite captured me at that point and a thought made me chuckle. Nikos looked offended. ‘I do something funny?’ ‘I’m between a rock and a hard place.’ He looked bemused, so I grasped the hard place. ‘I’ll explain later. Old English saying.’ He made love to me languidly at first, slow and teasing, entering me briefly, then pulling back, kissing down over my stomach, licking between my thighs, flicking and probing with his tongue as my hips arched upwards, wanting more. When at last he entered me, I was so utterly aroused, the beat of my orgasm began instantly and he thrust violently with an animal instinct as his cries mingled with my own. We spent the rest of my holiday together making love, getting to know one another, making love again. During the evening I would sit in his family taverna in the angelica-scented air, content to watch him working, knowing he would soon be filling my bed. On my last day, he took me to his friend’s secluded villa above shady olive groves that plunged to the sea. ‘My friend is away and I keep eye on things.’ After a cool drink, we went through to the airy bedroom where Nikos threw open blue french doors on to a wide ochre-tinted terrace dripping with crimson bougainvillea. We peeled off our clothes, and, cooled by a soft aromatic breeze, lay down on the bed, happy to just kiss for a long while. Nikos was a great one for simple loving, not just sex, and he loved to stroke my body, leaning back to study me, then pushing my hair back, fanning it out on the pillow, gazing at my face. I had already learned too he was an inventive lover and this time his fingers dipped into the wetness already soaking me and probed backwards. When I was eighteen, I had an earthy boyfriend called Sean. I was unaware then that sex could be anything but dead straight, so when one night he pushed a finger between the cheeks of my bottom, I froze and indignantly asked him what he thought he was doing. ‘Going where the sun don’t shine, sweetheart.’ So believing you shouldn’t knock anything until you’ve tried it, I let Sean go there and I was stunned at the depth of my orgasm, and now it was the same with Nikos. The world exploded and when my cries died to a whimper he knelt up, masturbating and ejaculating milkily over my sweat-dampened thighs. ‘Naughty girl,’ he scolded when we had our breath back. ‘You will frighten the goats.’ The laughter suddenly died in his eyes and he gathered me quietly and tenderly into his arms. ‘I am so sad at you leaving.’ I thought how at the beginning I’d ruthlessly used him as an antidote to Oliver (so shallow) and a voice in my head taunted back at me, serve you right if you’re just another Shirley Valentine. He’s probably already thinking of his next conquest. I tried to joke to hide a pain that had started around my heart. ‘Will you miss me? I know what you’ll miss.’ I let my hand travel downwards over his flat belly, but he gripped it, looking deep into my eyes. ‘I think I fall in love.’ ‘Oh, Nikos…that’s so…’ ‘Shhh.’ He pressed a finger to my lips. ‘So now we will say goodbye beautifully, like this…’ He lay on top of me, his flaccid penis between my thighs, kissing me deeply. ‘And this…’ As he began to harden, he pushed himself inside me and I felt full of him as he grew. We hardly moved, holding each other’s gaze, and when we came, it was together, looking into each other’s eyes. It wasn’t fucking; it was truly making love. Afterwards, we stood on the terrace watching an enormous sun go down in a fiery blaze on the horizon, not talking, and I wished at that moment I could stay there forever, leaning back against Nikos, his arms drawn around me. I left the island the next morning beneath a pink dawn, with Nikos’ waving figure a dwindling speck on the quayside, and that pain that had begun around my heart was almost unbearable. I thought of Oliver. Was it possible to love two men at once? That evening, travel weary but clear-headed, I faced Oliver and knew the words I’d planned on the journey home would hold good. All that is now two years ago. My tea arrives and I look up and think how much I adore this husband of mine as he enters our bedroom. ‘I’ve just been thinking about the first time you made love to me.’ ‘With the sky our witness.’ He stretches out on the bed beside me. ‘We’ll let the tea brew.’ His hand strokes the still small swell of my stomach. ‘We must think of names.’ ‘If it’s a boy, I’d like to name him after his father.’ He thinks for a minute then nods in satisfaction. ‘Yes, I like. Nikos he will be.’ 