The moment Mr Bembridge went out the back to replenish the strawberry bonbons I closed my eyes, stretched out my arms and breathed in deeply. The moment felt sensual. Bembridge’s Sweetshop had always made me shiver with excitement, even when I’d been a small child, but I’d only recently felt positively turned on by being there. I kept this to myself of course. It was my guilty secret. Who else in this world could find a sweetshop sexy? The sharpness of acid drops made my nose itch. When I licked my lips I could tasted the smooth creaminess of butterscotch. My hands reached for the liquorice laces displayed in the scoop on the counter. Slowly my fingertips unravelled the coil, and I allowed the laces to escape the tangle and drop one by one to the counter. I could hardly believe I would be paid, one week in arrears, one month’s probation, to work in my own personal heaven. “A quarter of aniseed drops, please miss,” a voice whispered. Startled, I opened my eyes and my hands threw the remaining laces to the floor, causing them to skitter across the wood like eels unexpectedly released from capture. “Of course, sir.” My eyes scanned the dozens of glass jars surrounding me. I couldn’t focus. Was this a test? Would I fail on my first day, and be asked to leave, my dream over before it had begun? Of course, as a customer, I would have been able to point to aniseed drops in the dark, though I never bought them. I considered them old men’s sweets. And it was an old man who stood in front of me, at first looking expectant, now beginning to look a little impatient. “They’re up there in the corner, Lucy.” Mr Bembridge saved me. I glanced at him. At first his face looked stern, then he broke into a grin. “Think we need to set some time aside for training. It’s not fair to drop you in at the deep end. Perhaps you could stay on after we close. I could help get you more acquainted with the range and positioning of the stock. I’ll give you a chance to taste some too. It’ll help you recommend things to the customers when they come in fancying a change, which they often do.” “Of course, Mr Bembridge. That’s fine,” I replied. “And don’t worry, Lucy, you’re a natural, a kindred spirit.” He rested his hand on my shoulder for a moment, and gave it a brief rub. I felt the tension ease from my back. But I still hesitated before climbing the stepladders to reach the aniseed drops. The skirt I was wearing was fashionably short and my legs were bare. I was short too, though less fashionably so. I was certain that, when I reached for the aniseed drops, the elderly customer and Mr Bembridge would catch a glimpse of my ‘Love is …’ knickers. I climbed the ladders carefully, pulled the jar towards me and descended the steps. Before I turned to face the customer I heard a sharp release of breath. I blushed and shook the aniseed drops into the scales, then into a crisp white paper bag and handed them over, avoiding his eye. “That’ll be six pence, please.” I finally looked up after I’d rung the amount into the till. The customer was grinning at me. I looked at Mr Bembridge. He was busy filling the strawberry bonbon jar. He gave me an encouraging nod. I returned the customer’s smile and handed him his change. He gave me a wink as he turned to leave. The rest of the day flew by in a blur. I served old dears with a quarter of pear drops, mums and children after school, and men in suits on their way home, newspapers tucked under their arms. I felt worn out when Mr Bembridge finally rolled down the shutters and turned the key in the lock. “You did well today, Lucy,” he said as he pulled two stools up behind the counter. “It was a bit of a baptism of fire. It’s been so long since I’ve had an assistant, afraid I left you on your own a bit too much. Have a rest for a few minutes. I’ll be back with you in a moment.” He disappeared behind the plastic curtain into the stock room. I turned and rested my elbows on the long oak counter. I‘d always liked Mr Bembridge when I came into the shop as a customer. I’d drop in late afternoon, carefully counting the coins in my purse, trying to work out which was best value, a quarter of barley sugars or liquorice toffee. And Mr Bembridge was kind. “Oops,” he’d say as the scales tipped well over the quarter mark. “Never mind, not worth putting them back now. You might as well have them.” He’d told me about the vacancy for an assistant, encouraged me to apply. And he was quite fanciable too, even though he was a few years older than me. He had deep brown eyes, a nice smile and floppy hair. “Call me Paul, by the way, we’re colleagues now.” His voice startled me. “Here you go.” He was carrying two large glass jars and a long hand-written list. I didn’t think I could call him Paul. Not yet. “This is our stock list. Sometimes people will ask you for a recommendation. To suit their mood, maybe. So you’ll need to know what all the sweets taste like, as well as their names. You know what it’s like, when you come into the shop you think you’ll try something different. But then when you’re faced with rows and rows of jars to choose from you tend to go for the old favourites. We want to shake our customers out of that habit.” He moved his stool close to mine and reached for the first jar. “I know one of your personal favourites is strawberry bonbons.” I nodded. “Take one and tell me about it. Why do you like them?” I gulped, hoping Mr Bembridge’s expectations weren’t going to be too high. I reached into the first jar and pulled out a strawberry bonbon. He took one too. When I placed it in my mouth I remembered immediately why I liked them so much. “It’s that slight crunch, followed by chewiness and that sweet strawberry flavour. It’s the perfect combination. Mmmm.” The sweet had left a dusting of strawberry-flavour sugar on my lips. Mr Bembridge brushed it away with the tip of his finger. His touch was light, and it left a tingling sensation on my lips. I gasped, surprised at his touch. He leant forward and gave me the softest kiss imaginable. “You taste of strawberries,” he smiled as he pulled away. “And an excellent, succinct description. Couldn’t do better myself.” He reached for the next jar. I squirmed on the stool enjoying the warm feeling between my legs as I pressed them together. The feeling was so sweet I wanted to reach down and touch, but I kept my hands resting in my lap, for now. “Let’s try sherbets next. Not a sweet you ever buy, is it Lucy?” I shook my head. I found sherbets tangy, fizzy. Wake you up sweets. “No, but I’ll give them a try.” “Close your eyes, please. And open your mouth.” The sensation of sherbet on my tongue was intense, as I expected. But not as intense as the kiss Mr Bembridge followed it with. His lips pressed against mine, and I returned his kiss. This was good. I was enjoying sherbet. Our tongues moved together, the sherbet fizzing between them. After a few long and delicious moments Mr Bembridge pulled away from me. “Sharp and sweet,” I whispered, describing the sherbet and the kiss. “You’re doing well, Lucy. You’re a quick learner. Well done.” Next came butterscotch drops. We both sucked on one. As we did so he unbuttoned my blouse and released the clasp of my bra. And I let him. In fact, I helped him, pulling my blouse from my shoulders and dropping it to the floor along with my bra. Strange, now I was half naked I didn’t feel exposed. Just good. Mr Bembridge stood in front of me now, right close up. He leant and licked my left breast, the butterscotch drop still in his mouth, massaging my right breast with his hand. The feeling was sensational. My eyes closed and I surrendered to the pleasure. My nipple tightened as he took it between his lips, rolled and nipped it, tugged it gently. I moaned in delight. Sex and sweets go together well. “Melt slowly in the mouth, creamy and smooth,” I said as he pulled away. He nodded his approval and rubbed his hand along my thigh and under my skirt, pressing it against my mound. I parted my legs, inviting him to explore further. “I’d like a caramel cup, now Lucy. Perhaps you could fetch the jar down for me.” The caramel cups were on the top shelf behind us. I pulled the heavy wooden steps over and began to climb. As I reached for the jar, my breasts raised. I could tell they looked good. And from the way Mr Bembridge was caressing and holding them I imagined they felt good too. It was his turn to groan. I took one step down, the jar in my hands, and I felt him stop me. His fingers sent a bolt through me as they moved up the back of my legs, his touch light. I placed the jar on the top of the steps, and leant forward, ensuring my arse was closer to his face. Now it was my turn to hold my breasts. Pinching and twisting my nipples I felt the pressure of his hands increase as he reached the tops of my thighs. With one hand he pulled my knickers down and helped me steady myself as I stepped out of them. The fingers of his other hand ran down between my buttocks and into my slit. I shuffled around, offering him the best possible access. This felt good already. I wanted it to be perfect. A hard rap on the door interrupted our pleasure, but only momentarily. I could see the outline of a customer through the blinds. I turned to Mr Bembridge and gave him a questioning look. Should we stop? He shook his head and put a finger to his lips. His other hand was exploring me, and it wasn’t easy now to keep quiet, my pleasure was mounting towards climax. His fingers thrust into my cunt, and my juices eased their passage. Then they rubbed my clit, softly and slowly to begin with, building up a wonderful rhythm. He pulled away and parted my legs further. This time his tongue licked and sucked my cunt, lapping up my juices, encircling my clit and working me into a frenzy. I wanted to come right now, to feel the waves of pleasure course through me. But he pulled away just moments before my climax came. I knew he wasn’t going to disappoint me, though, not now. Not as we’d come so far. “Could you turn round, Lucy.” His voice was soft. “I love caramel cups,” he whispered. “They melt in your mouth.” His lips glistened. He leant forward again to bury his face in me once more, before lifting me and placing me in a sitting position on the counter. I parted my legs. I wanted more of him. I reached for my clit, gently rubbing it, keeping myself close in anticipation of what was coming next. “Chocolate, now I think. Buttons maybe. Lean back a little.” I complied. He was my boss, after all. He picked up a handful of buttons from a scoop to his right and rested a few on my mound. The heat of my body soon began to melt them, and the trickle of chocolate over my clit was the sweetest sensation imaginable. Until I felt his tongue devour the liquid. Then I was in ecstasy. I needed him to fuck me now. “I think it’s time to move on to the next level of training, Lucy.” Quickly he loosened his trousers and tugged his underpants away, exposing his erect cock. It was beautiful and I was ready for him. The counter was at perfect cock height. I pulled myself to the edge, and offered him my throbbing pussy. He pushed his way in, slowly and gently at first. We were a perfect fit, and as I tensed around him he began to thrust. I held on to the counter to push against him and we built up a rhythm. His fingers and mine found my clit, and matched the rhythm of our fucking. Now there was no going back from my climax, and as the waves of my pleasure tightened around him I felt him groan as he filled me. “What a sweet fuck,” he said a few moments later, as he began to recover. I pulled his lips to mine and kissed him. “Sweet, indeed.” “You’ve made excellent progress today, Lucy. I’m sure we’ll work well together, you and I,” he said as I pulled my clothes on. Licking my lips I could still taste chocolate and strawberry bonbons. “I think we’ll try some tasting with the aid of a blindfold after work tomorrow,” he added, as I was about to leave. “If that’s OK with you? Maybe see if we can find new uses for liquorice laces.” Working in a sweet shop is tiring, but such fun, I thought, as I walked home. I sucked slowly at the candy cane Mr Bembridge had given me as he kissed me goodbye.