It was fantasy night. Dee could hardly breathe with anticipation as she waited for Kyle to come home. It was nearly a month since their last game, and this one had been spoken of a couple of weeks previously and never mentioned again. It felt more exciting that way, and Dee knew Kyle would remember the details she had whispered to him in the middle of that night, when she had spilled one of her deepest, most shocking, fantasies to him. Kyle. Her heart thudded that little bit faster as she pictured her husband. He was so sensual, so powerfully sexual – and he saved it all for her. Other women noticed his good looks but they had no idea how hot he could be. Dee grinned, remembering the overheard conversation earlier that day. She’d been at the photocopier when she heard voices outside the window; Julie and Carrie, having their usual sneaky fag. “So, I saw Kyle again yesterday. I don’t think he knows the difference between a woman and one of his blessed computers, from the notice he took of me.” (Julie had slept with five of the male members of staff to Dee’s knowledge, though it might be more, and took lack of interest as a personal affront.) “He wouldn’t, would he – he’s married to Dee!” Both women squealed with laughter. “So sweet,” Carrie continued maliciously; “they were school sweethearts, you know, before they both started working here. Probably virgins till the day they married. “Probably virgins still,” said Julie. “Or do you think he has a timer on his home computer? ‘Beep beep,’ time to have sex now. ‘Beep, beep,’ time to finish.” “D’you think it’s two minutes of missionary position every Friday night? Highlight of the week?” “Or lowlight,” Julie rejoined. Dee had listened to the conversation, greatly entertained. Probably, she should have been offended, but the two girls were so wide of the mark she had found it difficult to hold back her laughter. Did they know how bitter and jealous they sounded – without even knowing how much they had to be jealous about?! He would be home soon. Dee checked her watch, then glanced in the mirror to ensure her hair and make-up looked right. For the nth time she smoothed a hand over her hair then sat down; stood up; sat down again. Hell, she was really nervous! She’d had this fantasy for so long, and even after they first began swapping stories and acting them out … well, she never imagined she’d be able to tell even him about this one. But she trusted him, and it was excitement as well as nerves that were making her shiver. Tonight – tonight, Kyle was going to take control. She would submit, obey his every word, willingly – wantonly – dominated by her man. She would be Kyle’s play-thing, his toy and have no mind of her own; she would be bent to Kyle’s will. Whatever Kyle asked. Whatever. She crossed her legs tightly, tingling with desire. The key turned in the lock and Dee felt her heart rate spike. “Kyle?” “Mm-hmm.” The sitting room door opened and Kyle walked in. Dee took a deep breath. Wow, he certainly knew how to dress the part. The tingling increased as she looked from the leather jacket to the sharp-cut jeans (lingering appreciatively at his crotch) and down to the polished boots. He looked at her in turn and lifted an eyebrow. “Aren’t you supposed to stand up when I’m in the room, little submissive? I expect good manners in you. You surely don’t need to be punished for disobedience this soon? I’m disappointed in you.” Dee was getting to her feet before he had finished speaking. “Sorry, Kyle.” He strode over to her and held her face firmly by the chin. “That’s master to you,” he said coldly. “Yes, master,” she breathed. His grip loosened and he smiled. “Good girl. Now, I’ve bought you a present. Stay there.” She stood where he left her, absolutely still and barely daring to move a muscle. Who knew what Kyle might do to her if she moved without permission? The thought alone was erotic and she was almost tempted to move just to see; but Kyle returned before she had a chance and her eyes widened at what she thought she glimpsed in his half-concealed hand. “Kneel,” he ordered; and she was on her knees in front of him. He brought his hand round into full view and she saw she had not been mistaken in that stolen glance. He held a leather collar. “Undress for me, Dee.” The note of command stayed in his voice, but she felt herself flushing at his unconcealed excitement. She tried to stand up, but his hand on her shoulder pinned her down. “No. Stay there. You will undress at my feet.” Her gaze meeting his, she began to unbutton her flimsy white blouse. She slid it off and reached her hands behind her, rushing to unhook her bra. “Skirt next,” Kyle instructed. “Yes, master.” It was a struggle to remove the skirt from her kneeling position but Kyle showed no signs of relenting and allowing her to stand. His face was impassive but the bulge in his trousers, so near to her face, told a different story. Wriggling free at last, she gave him an inquiring look, not daring to speak. “Yes, everything,” he said softly. Her bra was unclasped and discarded; panties followed. She was nude. She was naked and he was fully clothed: the ultimate signal of supremacy. “Very good,” he drawled. He bent over her and fastened the collar around her neck. “Listen to me, Dee, while you wear this collar you are under my command. You will submit to my every order, every … whim. Until it is removed, I call the shots. Understand?” “Yes, master,” she said obediently. The collar served two functions, she realised. First as a symbol of her status in the power play, but secondly as her safety net. All the time she wore the collar she must obey. But if she removed it, the game was over. It signified her own element of control, and highlighted more than anything else why she both loved and trusted Kyle. “Thank you, master.” He took her hand and raised her to her feet. “Look at yourself,” he instructed. She walked to the mirror, aware all the time of Kyle’s eyes raking her body. The woman she saw staring back at her from the glass was a shock even to herself. Dee had never considered herself even average-looking, let alone beautiful. But a young, sultry reflection looked out at her. Huge, dark eyes; cheeks flushed a suggestive pink; a mouth begging to be plundered. Then, further down, full and heavy breasts tipped with hard coral-coloured nipples, which thrust themselves forward. There was the faintest line from her summer tan, showing how modestly she’d dressed out of doors that August; but there, an inch wide, contrasting darkly with her pale throat, sat the collar. Kyle’s mark of possession. Dee’s fantasies had never included such an item: now, looking at the sensual woman in the mirror, she could not imagine this fantasy without it. It was perfect. “Do you like what you see, Dee?” Kyle came up behind her and caught her reflection’s eye. He ran a possessive hand down her arm. The touch of his fingertips was like an electric shock on her bare skin. She jolted, taking a deep, indrawn breath. He moved closer, pulling her against him so that her back rubbed against the smooth-rough surface of his jacket. She could smell the musty leather, and she leaned her head back against his shoulder with sensuous enjoyment. One of his legs pushed between hers, and his hands moved up to cup her breasts. He stroked the pads of his thumbs against her engorged nipples and she whimpered in pleasure. “Yes, you like that,” said Kyle appreciatively. “I like it too.” He pulled her further onto his leg, so that she could feel the pressing weight of his erection against her bottom. “Can you feel how much I like it?” “Oh, yes!” And Kyle’s mood appeared to change in an instant at her words. He pushed her away and down to her knees again. “Yes – what?” he demanded. “Master.” She bowed her head in mute apology. He bent down and ran a finger over her collar before thrusting a booted foot in front of her. “Lick.” She glanced up uncertainly. Did he really mean her to …? Once more his face was expressionless. She could stop this at any time, but she didn’t – oh, she really didn’t – want to. She grovelled at his feet, planting kisses on the polished surface of his boot. Above her, she could feel him moving slightly, and when she looked up she saw that he had undone his flies and allowed his erection to spring free. “Yes, you know what to do next, Dee,” he encouraged her. She had always loved fellatio, from their earliest sexual encounters as teenagers when the fear of pregnancy had made intercourse as terrifying as it was enthralling. She loved the feel – the weight – the taste of him in her mouth, loved the twin feelings of vulnerability (increased tenfold by her present position and nakedness) and control. And Kyle did something he rarely tried, tangling his fingers through her hair to remind her that even now, her mouth around his cock, it was he who held the power. She encircled the head with her tongue before moving her lips wider to take him all in, into her mouth until he touched the back of her throat. Then she moved, urged thereto by the pressure of his hands on her head, by his softly muttered words of encouragement and praise. “There, there; that’s it, my submissive one, you know what you’re doing. Yes, Dee, come on, you know how.” One of her hands was on the inside of his thigh, the other reaching up to grab his arse. She knew just what he liked and wanted to give him everything, but he held her back, fingers firm in her hair, though his ragged breathing betrayed the fact he was close to the edge. “No, Dee. I want to take you. I want to come inside you while you’re begging me to fuck you.” Dee found her hand reaching between her own legs at his words. Kyle didn’t say things like this usually – not her Kyle – but she found herself hopelessly turned on by this new, masterful version of her husband. He slapped her hand away. “No touching yourself unless I say, Dee.” “Yes, master.” A small smile crept across his lips. “But now that you’ve put the idea in my head … yes, go on, little one. Show me what you do to yourself. Show me how you pleasure yourself when you’re all alone. Put on a little show for me, hmm?” She wanted to and she didn’t want to, but not in equal amounts. The desire, the need to touch herself was making her almost dizzy. One hand reached down, the other fondling her breasts (first one then the other) almost unconsciously whilst her main attention concentrated on that nub between her legs. She was warm and wet, intensely aware of Kyle watching her. She started with a light touch, but as her need increased her fingers worked faster, firmer … “Now stop,” Kyle ordered. Dee moaned, not wanting to halt now when she was so close, but Kyle’s fingers were touching her collar, reminding her of her duty of obedience, and reluctantly she took her hands from her body. “Get on all fours.” She gave him a last look, to remember everything about this moment. Kyle, still fully clothed, standing over her, his eyes dark with lust and love. God, how she wanted him. She crouched on all fours, and felt him kneel behind her. He explored with his fingers for a second, then, as she begged for more, he pushed inside her. Digging his fingernails into her shoulders, he whispered, “What do you want, Dee?” She knew what he meant. She would have to ask – to plead – for his attentions. “You,” she murmured. “Why, I’m here!” he teased, moving with tantalising gentleness inside her. “More,” Dee insisted. Kyle kept his light motion up, laughing under his breath. “Oh, I think you’ll have to ask me more nicely than that,” he said. “Kyle – master – please,” she begged; then, as he waited for more, she added “Please, fuck me. Please.” He ran his nails down her spine, and she arched her back at his touch. “Since you ask so pleasingly, how could I refuse?” And he was thrusting, thrusting into her; and she – she was rocking back and forth, increasing the tempo, increasing the pressure, caring for nothing but arriving at that point of ecstasy. And then it came, and she tumbled over it, crying a wordless litany of bliss before she felt him shudder inside her as he reached his own peak. Afterwards, they lay together on the floor, arms round each other. Kyle reached up and removed her collar with gentle fingers. “Darling,” he said, “you were wonderful.” He smiled. “I don’t think we’ll throw this away yet, either.” And she knew that her fantasy had worked its magic on him. 