Last October I was invited to read at Litquake, San Francisco’s famous spoken word festival. I decided to read, “I Got Laid at the Anarchist Book Fair,” a real-life story with lots of spice and flashes of local color. I figured my goofy tale would be a hit with the hipster crowd – and I hoped I would meet a groupie or two. The crowd at Café Laszlo liked my story and gave me a nice round of applause. Afterward, a very flirty woman chatted me up – I mean she was all over me. Shazam was an unemployed lawyer, a pleasingly plump sexpot in her mid-thirties. She had thick auburn hair, big rascal eyes, and a let’s-go grin. Shazam was obviously a problem drinker – she had a scar over one eyebrow and a nose that had kissed the sidewalk a time or two – but so what? “Two years ago,” said Shazam, “my whole life fell apart. I crashed and burned, big time. I lost my husband, I lost my job. Now I sleep on my ex-husband’s couch and do phone sex for money. I also review sex toys for Carnal Nation, and write a sex blog called Random Rim Jobs.” “My first rim job,” I said, “was from Annie Sprinkle – over thirty years ago.” “Really?” said Shazam. “Wanna try it again?” I felt a stiffening in my jeans. “Are you highly skilled?” “Honey,” said Shazam, “I am sensational. I give the best blow jobs, too. I have a serious cock addiction. I adore thick, meaty cocks. I like having my hair pulled, and I like having big meaty cocks rammed down my throat.” Whoa. I’d only known Shazam for a minute and a half, and she was telling me she liked big meaty cocks rammed down her throat. “Do you live in the Mission district?” “I live at Bryant and 24th,” said Shazam, “in my ex-hubby’s loft. How about you?” “I live in Bernal Heights, just minutes from you.” “Well, whadda ya know,” said Shazam, flashing a grin. “We’re neighbors, babe. Let’s get together.” Back home, I checked out Random Rim Jobs, Shazam’s sex blog. One thing was clear – the crazy girl wasn’t kidding. Her real-life sex stories were tough, raw, and gritty. She was an anything-that-moves kinda gal, hot to party with anyone in sight. Me, I play with six or eight girls every year. Shazam, the naughty slut, has six or eight erotic encounters every week. I don’t want a relationship right now, said one of her recent blog entries. I just want a good hard pounding. I found the stories on Shazam’s blog truly amazing. The “Random Encounters” ads she ran on Craigslist attracted hordes of “horny net geeks.” Shazam fucked them all, even the pasty-faced slobs and dorky nerds who smelled like cheap cologne. Craigslist, Adult Friend Finder, OK Cupid, Fetlife, Twitter – Shazam found sex everywhere. Some of her contact ads were especially clever. Here’s a good trick, said one blog entry. A single bisexual woman trolling for threesomes is so rare we’re called “unicorns.” My unicorn ads get good results. Mostly I meet couples in their twenties or thirties who want to experiment and fool around. One of Shazam’s wildest stories was about closing time at the Makeout Room, how she stood in the street outside, rowdy drunk, yelling, Will somebody please FUCK ME? Oh my. Even at my neediest, I was never this hungry. Shazam was a very horny girl. A few days later, I sent Shazam an email. Hey Crazo, wanna play? Come see me on Sunday! So we hooked up – the horny Mission nympho and the bizarre fetish photographer. Shazam showed up at my place with two bags of groceries and three bottles of white wine. When I told her I never touch alcohol, Shazam said, “Good – more for me.” She drained the first bottle of wine in about ten minutes, and immediately popped the cork on the second. “Maybe I’ll quit drinking one day,” she said. “But I do love it so – getting high, getting buzzed, feeling just the right amount of drunk.” “I want to write a story about you,” I said. “Tell me some juicy tales.” “I do phone sex for money,” said Shazam. “That’s pretty entertaining.” “What’s it like?” “Well, I make fifty cents a minute. The agency has certain rules, like no age play, no animals, no incest, no talking about poop or golden showers. But sometimes I break the rules. Like last night, I pretended to be a horny teen having sex with my little brother. That’s two taboo subjects at once – age play and incest. It’s cool as long as nobody complains.” After finishing her second bottle of wine, Shazam was ready for sex. “Get naked,” I said, “and I’ll buzz you with my vibrator.” “Oh boy,” said Shazam. Shazam stripped naked, lay on my living room futon, and spread her chubby legs. I pulled a condom over the head of my Panasonic vibrator and began buzzing Shazam’s close-clipped mound, buzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Shazam squirmed and moaned with delight as orgasm after orgasm shook her fleshy body. I pleasured Shazam with the buzzing vibrator for the longest time, buzz-buzz-buzz until she begged for mercy. Now it was my turn to be pleasured. What followed was one of the most unusual blow jobs of my life. I sat on the couch, pants down, legs spread wide. Shazam started off slow and easy, licking and nuzzling my glistening shaft, oh my goodness. Her lick-and-slurp technique had a soft, jazzy rhythm – pure heaven. Suddenly, without warning, Shazam began ramming my cock down her throat, hard, harder, harder, Lord have mercy, jerking her head and growling like a dog as she deep-throated my cock. “Hey,” I said, “take it easy—” Shazam popped my cock from her mouth. Her eyes were wild, her expression ecstatic. “You love it,” she said. Shazam grabbed my cock again and swallowed it whole. What a wild and crazy suck it was. A bit rough, perhaps – but who was complaining? I came like gangbusters, and collapsed in Shazam’s arms. We lay together in sweet afterglow. “You’re amazing,” I said. “You’re pretty hot for a geezer,” said Shazam. I enjoyed five or six hot dates with Shazam, each wilder and crazier than the last. The girl wasn’t kidding – she was insatiable. And so, to end the year with a bang, I invited Shazam to spend Christmas day with me. “You’re a gourmet cook. Why don’t you make us a big Christmas dinner? I’ll pay for everything.” “That sounds great,” said Shazam. “I’ll make beef short ribs and my special risotto. We’ll need butternut squash, balsamic vinegar, soy sauce, cornstarch, cream sherry, beef broth—” “Whoa,” I said. “That sounds like a big expensive production. Let’s keep it simple. How about a juicy steak, scalloped potatoes, and a tossed salad?” “On one condition,” she said. “What’s that?” “I’ll make you Christmas dinner,” said Shazam, “if I can suck your cock for dessert.” “Done deal!” Since she was bringing food, and since public transportation is notoriously unreliable on Christmas Day, I offered Shazam a ride to my place. “Great,” said Shazam. “I’ll have everything all ready.” When I drove to her pick up, however, a tipsy Shazam said she had no food at all. “I didn’t have money to shop.” Oh, for godsake. It was mid-afternoon on Christmas Day, and Safeway was about to close. Shazam was half drunk, and when she told me she had another date later in the evening, I got annoyed. Another date? “Calm down,” said Shazam. “Her name is Sugar, and she’s a real hottie. We met on Craigslist Casual Encounters last month. Sugar is a sex worker who calls herself an ‘adventuresome bisexual.’ Maybe we’ll have a hot threesome.” So, I lightened up. I bought a big juicy steak, a bag of Idaho potatoes, a hunk of sharp cheddar, a head of iceberg lettuce – and a quart of vodka for the girls. At my place, I served pot brownies while Shazam mixed a strong vodka drink. We smoked a joint, nibbled a brownie, and began preparing our Christmas feast. As we peeled potatoes, I asked Shazam to tell me more about Sugar. “Oh my,” she said. “Sugar is a trippy girl. It was actually her husband who saw my ad and suggested we hook up. Sugar is an escort who charges her male clients $350 an hour. She’s my favorite fuck-buddy. Let’s send her a text – maybe she’ll join us.” I put scalloped potatoes in the oven, made a big salad, and prepared the steak for broiling. After that, I asked Shazam if she would like to see the manuscript of Dirty Old Man, my recently completed memoir. We looked at my memoir, and I read Shazam part of the first chapter. But Shazam seemed restless. “Can we look at your book later? she asked. “Right now, I want to suck your cock.” Whoa! I wasn’t disappointed. I flew into magic space as I watched the hungry wench devour my meat. The pleasure went on and on, with me urging Shazam to slow down, make it last . . . But Shazam sucked me hard and fast. Just as I popped – ahhhhhhh – the kitchen timer went Ding! The scalloped potatoes were ready. It was time to toss the salad and broil the steak. I was plenty high from my world-class blow job, and the pot brownies were coming on strong. And when Shazam received a text message from Sugar saying she would join us, I felt a warm golden glow. Christmas dinner was perfect. The scalloped potatoes were excellent, the salad was tasty, and I broiled Shazam’s steak “bloody,” just the way she liked it. Bing-Bong. The doorbell rang. It was Sugar! I was surprised – Sugar looked a hundred per cent straight, like the girl next door. Who would guess Sugar was a high-priced call girl? She was in her late twenties, tall and leggy, short brown hair, nice breasts, pleasing face. “Hi Charles,” she said. “I brought you some tequila.” I poured Sugar a drink and took her on a tour of my studio. When she saw my nude pin-up photographs, Sugar said, “Could you take some photos of me? I need new pictures for my website.” “Sure,” I said. “Just don’t show my face,” said Sugar. “My mother would have a cow.” Minutes later, Shazam started kissing Sugar, woo hoo. I watched the girls strip naked and curl up in the white leather chair near the fire. Shazam gave Sugar lots more kisses as Sugar fingered Shazam’s pussy. “Can I take photos?” I asked. Sugar pulled away from Shazam, laughing. “Here, take my keys. My red Honda is parked in your driveway. There’s a bag in the front seat – with a harlequin mask inside.” I ran downstairs, zoom zoom, unlocked the Honda, found Sugar’s bag, ran back upstairs, pant pant, totally out of breath. I found Shazam and Sugar sprawled on my living room futon, kissing and hugging and fingering each other. I loved watching their mad passion and the way their bodies glowed under the colored Christmas lights. I sat close, a few feet away. The naughty girls, flying high, were deep in the pleasure zone. By the time they stopped to catch their breath, my penis was standing at full mast. I showed the sex-crazed girls my magnificent Viagra erection, and moments later I had the joy of watching two naked girls pleasuring me at once. The girls took turns licking and sucking my cock, just like a porn movie. “Click,” I said, taking a mental snapshot. “Oh, you can take photos,” said Sugar. “Look in my bag for the mask. And can you bring us some lube?” Sugar called it her “whore bag.” It contained tricks of the trade – colored foil condoms, chrome nipple clips, a leather paddle, a black leather blindfold, a Gillette razor, shaving gel, a vial of lube, a strap-on dildo, and a novelty vibrator shaped like a banana. I gave Sugar the harlequin mask, and she slipped it on. And so it happened – I flashed photos as the girls took turns sucking my cock, point-of-view dream shots for sure. After she kissed Shazam some more, Sugar finished me off with a sweet, passionate suck that couldn’t be beat. I came like a champ in her pouty red mouth. I was drained, but the girls were just warming up. They kissed and nuzzled and fingered each other for the longest time. Shazam, crazy-drunk now, started screaming, “Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!” “Keep it quiet,” I said. “My landlord lives downstairs—” “Ha-ha,” said the naughty girls. Shazam flashed a drunken grin. “Charles,” she said, “how would you like to fuck Sugar? You want to?” I looked at Sugar. She was smiling. “Let’s do it,” she said. What thrilled me about this delightful scene was not just the crazy, spontaneous fun, but the real honest-to-goodness passion we shared. This wasn’t a play-for-pay deal, or one of those carefully negotiated fantasy role-play “scenes.” This was the real deal – dripping with feeling and wham-bam excitement. It was my hottest sex in weeks – my best Christmas ever. And it all happened because I met Shazam – the horniest girl in San Francisco. 