Rush hour was well under way and Molly had already picked two pockets by the time she arrived at Victoria Station. She worked the main concourse for twenty minutes before jumping into a black cab and heading over to the city where the richest pickings were to be had. She always took taxis, unless she was following a mark, because the public transport system was full of criminals. Molly had been dipping professionally since she was fifteen and she had it down to a fine art. She’d honed her skills on the Paris Metro where she was known locally as “la main d’or” until she had her heart broken by a French Lothario and moved back to London. Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Nicholas was running for his train. There were no seats left so he leaned against the door and closed his eyes while the train cut through London. Molly was speeding along the Embankment in the back of a hackney cab. She didn’t look like a pickpocket. Her clothes reeked of money, they had to, they were a tool of the trade, allowing her to melt seamlessly into the crowds of commuters that she worked five days a week. They were also her “get-out-of-jail card” because on the rare occasion that she did get caught what overworked, stressed, ex-public schoolboy could resist her five-inch Louboutins and seamed stockings. None so far, that’s for sure. Nicholas spent his journey drifting in and out of a waking dream where he was tied to a bed by a beautiful woman, naked bar silk stockings and stilettos. It was only when the train pulled into the station and the doors jolted open that he woke up with a start. His dream was long gone but a throbbing erection in his pants was there to remind him as he was herded onto the platform by a wave of commuters. London Bridge was still heaving when Molly arrived, just the way she liked it, overcrowded and anonymous, perfect pickpocketing territory. She had a good feeling about today as she positioned herself under the announcement board, eyes peeled. Molly scanned the station and within seconds she had found her mark. Experience told her that he would be an easy lift – tall, mid-thirties, well dressed, just Molly”s type. She watched his every move with the eyes of a hunter. Nicholas checked his watch, time was getting on so he picked up his pace and headed into the Tube. Molly watched him disappear into the underground and instinct told her to follow him but she had to move fast so she trotted across the station in her heels and tailgated him down the escalator and into the surreal depths of the Northern Line. A sea of heads stretched out in front of her but she was focused and never lost sight of his dark brown hair bobbing above the crowd. She felt at home weaving through the subterranean network of tunnels that connected London. The Tube was her favourite hunting ground; it did half the work for you because people expected to be bustled, so her deft hand could easily go unnoticed as it slipped in and out of unsuspecting men’s pockets. Nicholas squeezed through the crowds on the platform and waited. Fleeting glimpses of his dream kept infiltrating his mind’s eye and his cock was stirring again. As Molly entered the platform a train pulled in and she squeezed into the carriage behind her mark. She fanned him without anyone noticing, locating his wallet in his front-left trouser pocket. The doors closed and as the carriage jerked off she tipped forward onto her toes and jutted her breasts into his back. She felt his feet adjust, strengthening his balance and he leaned back into her, increasing the pressure between her nipples and his shoulder blades. First contact had been made and in five seconds he would be used to the pressure of her body against his. Nicholas was oblivious to the young woman pressing up against him, he was used to being jostled every morning. Besides, he was too busy wishing he were somewhere else, somewhere private where he could give his erection the attention it demanded, to notice anything happening around him. As they entered the tunnel and darkness swamped the train Molly’s hand entered his left trouser pocket. Her touch was light and she was sure that he hadn’t felt a thing. She had expected her polished, carmine fingertips to find his wallet straight away and whip it out in a split second but she was momentarily thrown when they rested on his erect penis. She knew she had to be professional about this but his cock was throbbing hypnotically beneath her fingertips and there was no way that he could have failed to notice her hand cupping the tip of his erection, but he hadn’t even flinched. Nicholas froze. He knew he should have turned round and confronted them but the touch was so charged that he succumbed to the thrill. When Molly sensed his submission it set her pulse racing. She gently squeezed him and when his breathing deepened she realized she had complete control. With this free rein, Molly started to run her nails over his cock; the lining of his trousers was as thin as silk and she could feel every ridge and vein as she probed deeper into his pocket. Nicholas had always fantasized about an anonymous encounter like this and now his dreams were coming true. Molly had him in the palm of her hand and she basked in the power. It was electrifying and she could feel her cunt throbbing against the lace of her pants. She squeezed her thighs together putting gentle pressure on her vulva and worked her hand up and down the length of his cock. She allowed her blood-red nails to play over the marshmallow softness of his glans as it strained against his trousers and she dragged at the inside of his pocket with her £100 manicure, desperate to feel his naked flesh. Nicholas wanted to see who was touching him but he was scared that if he turned round she would stop. He strained his eyes to the side as far as he could and caught a glimpse of her shoes and stockings reflected in the door. It was enough to send his libido hurtling into orbit and he lifted his briefcase up, providing her with a shield to work behind as she pushed his foreskin to and fro with energetic relish. Molly pulled him towards her and picked up the pace. She pushed herself into his back, forcing her pudendum into his gyrating arse as it buffeted backwards and forwards. She gritted her teeth and wave after wave of unrestrained pleasure started to swamp her body. Nicholas could feel her thrusting against him and the more she thrust the more disengaged he became with the world around him. His heart was pounding against his chest as he swayed his hips in time with her strokes. Rapid, rhythmic contractions swirled round the base of his penis, and his pelvis contracted. He had reached ejaculatory inevitability and there was no going back now. Molly too was unable to control herself any longer and she slipped her fingers into her pants and cupped her cunt tightly in her hand. She was already slick and needed only the slightest pressure, expertly applied, to tease out an orgasm. She came easily, without missing a stroke and as the train hurtled through the tunnel her mark hurtled towards his orgasm. Nicholas felt his whole body tense in anticipation and lost himself in the moment. The last thing he remembered before he was hurled into the vortex of his own climax was her body spasming against his and, as the train pulled into the station, he came, and came, and came. Molly felt his warm cum as it seeped through his pocket and she silently withdrew her hand. The train came to a standstill and Molly slipped out quietly as soon as the doors opened. Nicholas was spent. His heart was pounding and his mind was racing. He couldn’t make sense of anything that had happened but it had been exhilarating and he was addicted. He wanted more, to follow her, to thank her, to see her again perhaps, but she had already disappeared into the crowds and he knew it was over. Molly opened her bag on the escalator and took the wallet out. She stroked it before opening it up and checking his cards. Nicholas Sackworth, he had a name now. There was a photo too and for some reason she couldn’t put it down. She stared at it all the way up the escalator, desperately looking for clues to his life but it was just a passport photo and it told her nothing. Nevertheless she kept it and the eighty quid that she had found, but she threw the rest away in the nearest bin before hailing a taxi. 