To be fair, Gerald’s a good tennis club chairman. He’s able to devote a lot of spare time to it; possibly because nobody asks him to play. Not unless they are really stuck. Most times when they are that stuck they simply cancel the booking. You see, from a tennis point of view Gerald’s well past his sell-by date. During Wimbledon fortnight I’m perched on the edge of my seat, hands sweating, body tensed, salivating over those virile, fast, macho hunks. As they sprint about the court with vigour and determination my squeals of delight are only interrupted by Gerald’s gentle snoring in his chair in the corner. Gerald used to be good…well reasonable. Credit where it’s due. He was runner-up in the inter-village play-off against Budleigh Salterton a few years ago. Sadly there were insufficient funds available to provide a trophy for the runners-up, so the occasion went unnoticed. Not that you can accuse me of being unsupportive. Didn’t I take on the job as membership secretary? ***** It’s a full-time job for it requires me to put the prospective club members through their paces. It’s not that I consider myself a better player, you understand. On the contrary, I have nothing to show for it. The trophy I won in the inter-village play-off against Budleigh Salterton vanished. Gerald claimed that it was taken by thieves after a break-in at the club house. Strange. Nothing else went missing. New club members generally join in pairs as husband and wife arrive to settle in the village. There are occasions when an unencumbered male expresses interest in membership. I’m then required to play them in a trial match. Some of the more, shall I say, active, new comers take a long time to recapture some sort of form. On such occasions trial sessions take simply ages. In my defence can I submit that it has something to do with the very long winters we seem to get these days. I’m not sure that Gerald trusts me absolutely. It all stems from that time Lorenzo was a club member. We don’t get many Lorenzos staying in our village. He was typically South American. Handsome, swarthy, charming, complete with smouldering brown eyes. Gerald hated him on sight. This was way back in Gerald’s playing days. My spouse swore that his dislike had nothing to do with the fact that Lorenzo used to leave him for dead each time they played. Lorenzo and I eventually teamed up for mixed doubles. Then we both used to leave Gerald for dead in club matches. Poor Gerald, he was no match for Lorenzo. This applied as much off court as it did when we played. From a woman’s point of view the likes of Lorenzo pass through a girl’s life only very rarely. To let one slip through your fingers condemns you to a legacy of lasting regret. Therefore, to take the sort of drastic action necessary when an opportunity like Lorenzo presents itself, means that will-power just doesn’t come into it at all. A girl’s got to do what a girl’s got to do. So you see when Lorenzo and I went off to play an away match together, Gerald was not best pleased. He was much less pleased when we arrived back in the middle of the night. The fact that I explained how Lorenzo’s car broke down didn’t cut any ice with the irate Gerald. Probably had something to do with the oily hand mark he later found on my bra. He didn’t speak for days. All in the past, though, leaving Lorenzo, passionate Lorenzo, a wistful memory. Early season brought an application from a Paula Spence. Gerald commented that her writing was atrocious. For all that he sent off the standard reply, with a trial game arranged for the following Saturday. The weather was indifferent which accounted for the fact that there were no other court bookings for that day. It’s a short walk to the club so ten minutes later I turned into the road leading to the courts when I was suddenly stopped dead in my tracks. In the sort of double take that they do best on the movies, I took in the sleek Jaguar parked outside the clubhouse. What was standing beside it took my full attention. My legs turned to jelly as he smiled in my direction. Had Roger Federer taken the wrong turning on his way to Queens? I had trouble working my mouth. ‘Good morning’ came out like ‘Gurr mooning’. He smiled again, ‘I hope this is the right place for the trial match?’ ‘I thought you were a woman. The application form said Paula.’ Stupid remark. You’d go miles before you saw anybody less like a woman. ‘Sorry, my patients always moan about my writing. It’s Paul actually’ We shook hands. His firm, strong hands and intensely deep blue eyes served to confirm my resolve. This was going to be a very long trial match indeed. It was encouraging that he eyed me appreciatively when I took off my anorak. The short tennis skirt did my figure no harm at all. Neither did the tight tennis top which afforded a generous outline to complete, what I hoped, was an attractive figure. Time would tell. We got into a knock-about almost immediately. It was obvious that Paul was match rusty. For all that the game was vigorous enough to ensure that we worked up a little sweat. Only when we stopped after a quarter of an hour did I realize that even a sweat had its advantages. As we went back to the clubhouse Paul couldn’t keep his eyes off my heaving breasts. Once inside the clubhouse the reason became apparent. A glance in the mirror showed that my exertions had caused the perspiration which had made the bra and the tennis shirt almost transparent. The nipples stood out hard and firm. With drinks from the machine we sat lounging opposite each other exchanging small talk. As I sat with thighs slightly parted I had quite forgotten I was wearing a short skirt. Paul hadn’t. I felt his eyes like a caress. There was a long moment of silence. ‘Are you a good sport?’ he asked. ‘Depends what you mean?’ ‘How would you feel about a little challenge?’ ‘Like we play a game and say winner takes all.’ My mouth went dry. ‘Takes all what?’ Even as I asked I knew the answer. He smiled right through me. ‘Winners choice of anything he…or she wants, OK?’ I tried to sound brave. ‘Right,’ I told him, ‘you’re on.’ So we played. To be honest he was still rusty. Yet for all that he managed to move about the court a lot faster than previously. For Paul there were too many unforced errors. It took me all my time to lose. He looked boyishly pleased. He had conquered in two straight sets. By the time we got back to the clubhouse my shirt was sticking to me. It was a factor which did not go unnoticed by Paul. We rested and had another drink from the machine. If it took a short while to cool down, I imagined it would take a lot longer to calm down. While I was sitting opposite Paul, outwardly composed, my body was demanding that he got on with it…and claim his reward. He moved his chair closer. His hands rested lightly on my knee. ‘I won,’ he said simply. ‘I know,’ I answered thickly, voice full of anticipation, ‘what must I do?’ He smiled into my eyes. ‘Help me choose the prize.’ Even as he spoke his hands slid gently but unhurriedly towards my inner thigh. Paul was very forward for a doctor. I mean if he had intended to carry out that sort of examination he might at least have asked my permission first. I would have given it readily, of course, but that’s something else. Such thoughts were fleeting as his practised hands slipped beneath the short skirt to meet at that place which was already tingling. I had no intention of being a difficult patient. I lifted my bottom off the seat. My tight little tennis knickers offered little resistance. He pulled them down, held them almost reverently for an instant, then tossed them carelessly over one shoulder. Bless him. By this time I was beyond redemption. This was because his caring hands had resumed their exploration. With no barrier they soon discovered my prize. I shuddered with unaccustomed desire as his sensitive fingers played wicked games. Parting the lips he found the clit bidding a moist welcome to further ministrations. I arched my body, moving forwards so that his probing fingers found an easy entrance. The impatience at our mutual discomfort was immediate as my body sent urgent signals for greater closeness. When Paul stood up he looked decidedly uncomfortable. For a moment I thought he was carrying a spare racquet in his pocket. I helped him disengage the trapped member. When it sprang to view I realized the source of his discomfort. Proud and splendid. It certainly wasn’t a spare racquet; nevertheless, it would take all of two hands to control it. Our clothes provided stepping stones towards the old settee in the corner of the clubhouse. If progress towards it was slow at least it was a voyage of discovery. Paul learned the sensitivity of each nipple as they hardened in turn to the attention of his warm, but urgent, lips. I, in turn, was fascinated by the thrusting insistence of his manhood as he pushed against me. As I said Paul was big, hugely, wonderfully big and my body couldn’t wait to devour his throbbing shaft. The fire in my loins would only be doused by the coupling, that deep feeling of completeness which only maximum penetration would provide. Pushing him down on the settee I pressed myself against him. The salt, sweaty, man smell of him fanned the further flames of my desire. I sent my lips on a journey, along the path which took the taste of him across the fur covered belly to rest against the hardness of his rampant cock. Taking the sac beneath in both hands I gently massaged. Paul grunted his approval. My tongue lightly ran the length of his twitching rod, as I licked my way around and up over its demanding head. It was when I took the salty head in my mouth, moving my lips up and down, that I realized how near Paul was to completion. If Paul ever entertained thoughts that this was to be his prize, then he was certainly not prepared for what happened next. Standing astride him I lowered myself down upon his eager shaft. His eyes glazed. All resistance gone. I guided his stiff penis past the moist welcoming lips deep, so deep inside me. Then I thrust my body down hard and immediately became totally impaled. If Paul was momentarily stunned by my sexual mastery he soon recovered. Grabbing my bottom he pulled my body down further upon his plunging tool. Shrieks of protest arose from the tortured frame of the old settee. Three things happened simultaneously. Paul came, I came, and the settee went. The collapsing settee only served to ensure that Paul became more firmly embedded within me. Nice. I felt his spurting cock pumping into the very centre of my being. As an orgasm convulsed through me, my muscles contracted, milking his rod dry. Finally he spoke. ‘I thought it was supposed to be my prize?’ he queried. ‘Are you complaining?’ I asked. He gave me that boyish grin again. ‘Not at all.’ ` ‘OK, we’ll compromise,’ he said. ‘Let’s call it love- .’ We lay in each other’s arms amid the wreckage of the settee. Contented, I clung to him as he moved restlessly. ‘Mind the splinters,’ I told him. Later he stirred again. ‘Do you fancy another game?’ he enquired. ‘As long as it’s not tennis.’ He reached for me. I lay beneath him, ready for more, bathing in the sea-blue eyes of this magnificent specimen of manhood. With a kiss I motioned him to cease for a moment. ‘Shall we find somewhere more comfortable?’ I asked. So we went hand in hand into the changing room. It’s quite well fitted out with lockers, a massage bed overlaid with foam covering, as well as wash basins and toilets. Paul led me to the massage bed and eased me down upon it. Filling a wash basin he left me to return moments later with soap, towel and flannel. Soaping the flannel he came to me. Parting my thighs he cleaned me, soaping me first then laying the flannel to one side. His soft hands smoothed their soapy way across my lower body. Gentle, manipulative fingers teased once more around the lips of my responsive opening. With the slightest hint of pressure his probing fingers massaged my clit until I lifted my body in supplication, my desire pleading with his fingers to become more adventurous. He knew well of my need as he left me again, only to return seconds later to rinse and wash away the soap. Dabbing me dry he walked to the end of the massage bed and pulled me towards him. When my legs hung useless and idle over the end of the bed he stood between my inviting thighs. Paul had the sort of kisses that could set fire to any part of my body. To attempt to fire that part which was already a steaming cauldron of desire was to offer self control impossible odds. My inner thighs moved with his lips, first as soft as butterfly’s wings until they moved higher. Parting the lips of my vagina he curled his tongue to tease the inner flesh in clitoral stimulation. I felt spasms of pleasure course through me. I reached down and pulled his head closer into me. His tongue burrowed deeper into me as his sensitive mouth sought to extract completeness from my pulsing vagina. Paul did not have long to wait. I wrapped my legs tightly about him, forcing him to stay inside me. I arched my body in that spasm of beautiful euphoric release which only a shuddering climax can bring. I lay spent, but prepared, as he stood before me with his massive organ provocatively erect. ‘Your prize.’ I murmured. ‘Let’s call it deuce,’ he said. He stopped quite suddenly. I felt his whole body tense. Looking again out of the window he said ‘Who do you know that drives a green hatchback?’ I disentangled hurriedly. ‘My husband.’ Paul may well have been rusty at tennis but he was dressed, with his hand on the door, while I was still scrabbling to get my clothes together. He stood for a moment at the door. ‘How about my membership?’ he asked. ‘Guaranteed.’ I told him. ‘You won’t be sorry,’ he said with meaning. That much I didn’t need telling. Paul opened the door and walked out along the path. He nodded to Gerald as he passed. With seconds to spare I realized that I was complete. Except for my knickers. I found them where Paul had carelessly tossed them earlier. Clutching them behind me I went out to meet Gerald. I fervently prayed that no capricious wind would lift my short skirt to reveal that tennis wasn’t the only game we had played. Gerald appeared not to notice my discomfort. He was too busy watching the sleek Jaguar easing its way down the road. ‘Who was that?’ my spouse enquired. ‘His name is Paul Spence.’ ‘I thought he was supposed to be a woman?’ ‘Sorry,’ I told him, ‘I forgot to ask.’ ‘Funny… anyway what was he like?’ I clutched my knickers even tighter behind my back. A wicked breeze was blowing cool where no breeze had a right to blow. ‘Not bad, a bit rusty but I’m sure his game will improve.’ ‘Any strong points?’ he persisted. ‘A good forehand.’ ‘How about his service?’ Gerald asked. ‘Ace,’ I told him. 