Josh Evans is in Scottsdale, Arizona, spending a few days on his own after attending a professional golf tournament with some of his corporate buddies, just relaxing and taking in the sun before heading back home. After having a great dinner at a popular steakhouse, he is in the bar of his resort, hanging out by himself in a booth with a bottle of wine, scoping the area for women. It isn’t long before he notices a short-haired blonde with an enormous rack and an incredibly tight body wearing a black dress cocktail looking his way with interest in her eyes. She looks to be in her early to mid-thirties, which is younger than Josh by a good ten years but still quite a bit older than he is used to, but that’s more than all right. He has no aversion to older women, in fact, in many ways he prefers them. Their experience, their openness, and their willingness to take control are all things he finds that older women are more comfortable with than younger ones. It just so happens that most of the time he finds himself in situations with younger women. But not tonight. The blonde is interested in him, that much is obvious. So he grabs a bottle of wine from behind the bar and heads over towards her. They quickly make their introductions. She says her name is Sharon and that she is here on vacation, celebrating her recent divorce, just looking to have a good time for a few days. Josh starts to tell her his name but she interrupts. She knows who he is. Her ex-husband was a big baseball fan. After quickly sharing the bottle of wine and making more meaningless small-talk, they order a bottle to take with them and head up to Sharon’s room, Josh walking behind her, unable to take his eyes off her impossible tight, incredibly sculpted ass. Once they are in her room, Sharon doesn’t waste any time at all. She grabs Josh’s arm and leads him over to the couch. Once there, she turns him around so his back is to the cushions. Facing Josh, she pushes on his chest, dropping him to the couch. Sharon takes a step back, putting a few feet between her and Josh, then slips her dress off, revealing her enormous, gorgeous tits. She grabs ahold of them and plays with them for a few seconds, then brings one up to her mouth and sucks on her nipple. After her nipple is hard, Sharon pops it out of her mouth. Smiling at Josh, she gives the other nipple the same treatment, bringing it up to her mouth and sucking on it until it too is hard. As Josh sits there, staring, his cock pressing against the material of his pants, Sharon smacks her tits a couple of times, then squeezes them together, staring directly at Josh the entire time. He’s longing to suck on Sharon’s tits, but she still wants to tease him some more, so instead of giving him what he wants, she turns around, showing him her impossibly tight but round ass, her holes obscured only by a light gray g-string that framed her behind perfectly. Josh would have never thought he could forget about Sharon’s tits, but her ass is so ridiculous that it overtakes his every thought. She bends over at the waist, keeping her legs perfectly straight, every muscle taut, and slips out of her g-string then drops it to the floor. Turning her upper body so she can look at Josh, Sharon smacks her asscheeks, making them jiggle. Smiling widely, she drops onto all fours on the floor in front of him, her legs spread wide, her pussy and asshole wide open Reaching around with her right arm, Sharon begins to rub the outside of her pussy, getting it nice and wet. After it’s warmed up, she slips two fingers inside and starts banging herself. Once her fingers are coated with her pussy juices, Sharon slips them out of her pussy and slides them directly into her ass, using her wetness as a lube. With her body still turned so she can see Josh, she works her asshole with her fingers for a short time, then pulls them out and sticks them in her mouth.  Josh’s cock is harder than ever, pressing painfully against his pants, but he doesn’t free it. He likes the discomfort his hardness brings, and knows the longer he suffers now, the better it will feel when Sharon finally frees his cock. For now, she turns and starts crawling towards Josh, her ass sticking way up in the air, her tits hanging low and heavy, her nipples brushing against the floor. She reaches Josh, then stands up and climbs atop him, straddling him on the couch, her ass pressing down on his hard cock, which is still in his pants. Putting all her weight on Josh, Sharon leans forward so her tits are in his face. Then she shakes her chest from side to side, bouncing her tits off his head forcefully, using them to smack him around. Once she’s had enough of that, Sharon grabs the back of Josh’s head and pulls him into her, smashing his face against her flesh, directly between her tits. She wraps her arms around his head, holding him in place while squeezing her tits together, trapping him against her chest with nowhere to go. After smothering Josh with her flesh for a good ten seconds, Sharon releases him. But he barely has a chance to catch his breath before she forces one of her nipples into his mouth, still gripping the back of his head, giving him nowhere to go. Josh sucks greedily on Sharon’s nipple, noisily drawing breath through his nose to keep air in his lungs while keeping his mouth attached to her breast like a feeding baby. After nearly half a minute of sucking and nibbling on one nipple, Sharon switches his head over to the other for the same treatment. Another thirty or so seconds later she yanks his head back, pulling his mouth off her nipple and allowing him a few deep breaths. But once again Sharon barely lets him catch his breath before she jams her tongue into his mouth and starts aggressively exploring around, as though trying to take the air straight from his lungs. While they make out, Sharon runs her hands down his chest and past his stomach and starts rubbing his cock over his pants. Josh has no problem being manhandled like this, in fact, he enjoys it. As long as Sharon wants the lead, she can have it. He’s grown to love being the submissive one, at least with the right woman. And Sharon certainly is that. After making out for a while, Sharon pulls her lips off of Josh’s and starts sliding her body down, licking his chest and stomach along the way, until she’s sitting on the floor with her body between his legs. Looking up at Josh with a wry smile, Sharon goes to work on his clothes, unbuckling his belt, popping the top button of his pants and then unzipping his zipper. Once that’s done, she yanks Josh’s pants and boxers off and throws them over her shoulder, freeing up his stiff cock. Still smiling up at him from behind his cock, Sharon runs her tongue up the underside of it, taking things slowly, torturing him. After a few, deliberately-paced licks, Sharon grabs ahold of his shaft, grasping it in a death-grip, and takes the tip of his cock in her mouth. Sharon goes to work, sucking on the head of Josh’s cock while working his shaft with her hand, using the saliva that drips down his cock as a lubricant. A few seconds later she gets her free hand involved too, grabbing ahold of his balls with it and squeezing them and yanking down on his sack. With all that’s going on, Sharon is straddling a fine line between pleasure and pain. Josh shifts in his seat a little bit to relieve some of the pressure but that just causes her to squeeze and suck and jerk a little more aggressively. Her mouth is moving further down on his cock now, taking it more than halfway down every time while her hand continues working his shaft, moving in time with her lips on his cock. Sharon is a true expert at sucking cock, applying just enough pressure with her mouth and hand that he can feel it but not so much that it feels too good to handle. Josh throws his head back and stares at the ceiling. He takes a deep breath and holds it, trying to relieve some of the tension building up in his groin. He’s not in any danger of cumming yet, but he doesn’t want to get anywhere close, not this early in the proceedings. But Sharon is just so damn hot and so good at what she’s doing that it’s hard not to. Luckily for him, Sharon is able to sense his mood and backs off a little bit, releasing her hold on his cock and shaft and just working his cock with her mouth. After blowing him gently for half a minute, giving him a chance to calm down a bit, Sharon pulls her mouth off his cock and sits up higher, until her tits are sitting atop his legs. She sticks four fingers into her mouth, shoving them deep inside, gagging herself and summoning copious amounts of spit from her throat. She gathers this all up in her mouth, then tilts her chin downwards and lets the river of saliva drip down, directly between her glorious tits. Josh knows exactly what’s coming next and he’s ridiculously excited. He’s wanted to fuck those tits from the moment he laid eyes on them, and now it looks like he is going to have his chance. He’s smiling wide with anticipation and his cock is harder than ever. Sharon uses one hand to rub the saliva into her skin while jerking Josh off with the other. After a few moments of this, she presses her chest forward, inserting his cock between her tits. Once it’s in place, she releases his cock and uses her hands to press on the outside of her tits, trapping his cock in the channel between them. As Josh watches intently, his eyes alternating between Sharon’s face and her tits, she bounces up and down, slowly at first, titty-fucking him like an expert. With her saliva acting as a lubricant, Sharon moves her body faster and faster against Josh’s cock, spitting on it occasionally to keep things nice and wet. It isn’t long before Sharon is slamming her body up and down, the tip of Josh’s cock popping out in between the top of her tits with every pump. She squeezes them together harder, creating more friction and amplifying the pressure. But she doesn’t slow down one bit, her tits bouncing up and down faster than ever, her hair flying all over the place, her eyes locked directly on his. Josh’s breath is ragged; he doesn’t know how much longer he can hold out. He’s never been this close to cumming after only a blow job and a titty-fuck before, but Sharon is just so damn good that he can’t help himself. Since Sharon is showing no signs of letting up, Josh decides to take matters into his own hands. He pulls back, yanking his cock out from between her tits and gives it a couple of sharp smacks to calm it down. Sharon flashes his a wry smile, obviously pleased to have taken him so far, so fast. From the look on her face, Josh has the distinct idea that for some reason her goal is to get him to cum as quickly as possible. This suspicion increases when Sharon barely gives him a moment to recover before climbing atop him, straddling him with her knees on the couch and her legs folded under her body, then sliding his hard cock into her soaking wet pussy without hesitation. Staring down at him intently, Sharon rides Josh’s cock, hammering away at him right from the get-go, taking his cock balls-deep in her pussy, her breath rate increasing but no other signs of pleasure showing on her face. Her tits are bouncing in a mesmerizing, circular pattern. Josh can’t take his eyes off them. But when he reaches out to grab ahold of them, Sharon grips his wrists and pushes his arms back against the couch and holds them there. Sharon maneuvers one of her tits so it’s right in front of his face then leans forward, forcing her hard nipple into Josh’s mouth. He sucks on it while Sharon continues grinding against his cock, still pinning his arms against the couch, her face a mask of intensity, any outward signs of her enjoyment still relegated to just an increased breath rate. Sick of not getting any reaction at all from her, Josh decides to push the envelope a bit, taking Sharon’s nipple between his teeth and biting down, not too hard, but not gently either. Sharon lets out a sharp gasp, more in surprise than pain, but with some pleasure thrown in as well. She doesn’t pull her nipple from Josh’s mouth, however, leading him to believe that she wants more. So he gives it to her, biting down a little harder this time and pulling his head back, keeping her nipple between his teeth, stretching it out. Sharon responds by bouncing even more aggressively on his cock, hammering her body down on his with reckless abandon, not holding back whatsoever. Josh retaliates by biting down even harder on her nipple and pulling his head back further stretching out her flesh as far as it will go, until it pops out of his mouth with an audible sound. Releasing Sharon’s nipple gets Josh the reaction he wants from her in form of an f-bomb followed by a low moan of pleasure. Her façade of ice queen now broken, Josh decides to push the envelope a little bit, see if she’s willing to go where he wants to take things. Josh sits up a bit, so their stomachs are practically touching, giving him a little more room to work. Then he runs his hands under her ass and grabs ahold of her asscheeks, spreading them wide, opening her up further to him. Sharon replies with another moan of pleasure and starts hammering down harder atop him, driving his cock deeper into her pussy and grunting more loudly with every thrust. Keeping her ass spread open with one hand, Josh runs his other further beneath Sharon and starts rubbing her asshole with his fingers. She utters another string of curse words beneath her breath but says them in an excited manner, while increasing the intensity in which she’s bouncing on his cock even further. She’s obviously excited by this new development. Josh is too, but he’s not content. He wants to go further. So after rubbing the outside of Sharon’s asshole for half a minute, he hooks his fingers further under her, catching the underside of her pussy with it. After soaking his fingers with her pussy juices, he runs them back towards her asshole, then slides the tip of his freshly lubed index finger inside her anus. Sharon gasps loudly and moans and nods her head vigorously, all while still hammering away at his cock. So Josh continues on, sliding his finger deeper inside her asshole, forcing it almost halfway in before slipping it most of the way back out then pushing it back up again. Josh bangs away at her asshole for a little while, getting it warmed up while Sharon continues fucking him. She’s not hammering away like before; she’s slowed things down considerably and is now moving up and down in slow, measured strokes, holding him deep inside her pussy at the tail end of every thrust. After Sharon’s asshole is loosened up a bit, Josh slides a second finger inside. She accepts it easily; she’s obviously no rookie when it comes to anal sex. Josh pushes both fingers upward until they are completely inside her asshole and holds them there. He can feel her anus relaxing with every passing second; although still tight, she is quickly getting used to the size difference. Sharon tilts her head down and thrusts her tongue between his lips and starts aggressively exploring around. She is no longer bouncing on Josh but is moving her body forward and back, riding his cock with her pussy, changing the angle of penetration with every pass while his fingers are still planted deep in her asshole. After riding Josh like a cowgirl on a horse for a while, Sharon reaches back and grabs ahold of his wrist. She pulls down on it, yanking his fingers from her asshole. Then she pulls his arm around and upward, until his hand is right in front of her face. As Josh looks on with an excited little grin, Sharon opens her mouth and pulls his hand towards it, slipping the two fingers that had just been in her ass between her lips. Sitting firmly atop him, keeping his cock planted deep inside her pussy, Sharon licks her ass juices off Josh’s fingers, using her tongue to get every last little bit. Once his fingers are clean, she pulls them out of her mouth, then reaches back and grabs ahold of his cock, right at the base. She lifts herself up, letting his cock slide out of her pussy. It escapes with a wet, squishy sound. It’s completely drenched with her pussy juices, soaking wet, already lubed up. And Sharon takes advantage of this, sliding her body back just a hair, until her asshole is touching the tip of his cock. Staring directly at Josh, their faces mere inches apart, Sharon pushes back against his cock, forcing it into her asshole. They both suck in a deep breath and let it out at almost the exact same time. Their foreheads touching now, they breathe in each others faces, sharing each others breath, while Sharon slowly but surely works his cock deeper and deeper into her asshole. Once Josh’s cock is completely inside her, Sharon holds it for a few seconds, her breath rate growing more quickly and little gasps escaping from her throat. She pushes on his shoulders, lying him back against the rear cushions of the couch once again. Josh goes willingly; now that his cock is in Sharon’s ass, he’ll gladly let her take control again, at least for the most part. Only after holding his cock deep inside her for nearly half a minute does Sharon start moving against it, slowly at first, but quickly picking up speed, until she is once again hammering away at him like she had been earlier, when his cock was in her pussy. It’s not the same for Josh, however. Although obviously no stranger to anal sex, Sharon’s asshole was quite a bit tighter than her pussy, making it far tougher for Josh to maintain his composure. To fight this, he grabs ahold of her massive tits and gives them a hearty squeeze, hoping to release some of his built-up tension that way. And it works, for a bit. But it seems to turn Sharon on too, causing her to hammer away at him more aggressively, essentially negating whatever gains he’s made. So Josh turns things up a bit, smacking Sharon’s tits, softly at first, but harder and harder once it becomes apparent that she enjoys it. Slapping away at Sharon’s tits seems to do the trick, taking Josh’s mind off the incredible pleasure he’s feeling further south. But then Sharon switches things up again too, hooking her feet over Josh’s thighs, changing the angle of penetration and allowing Josh’s cock to penetrate her asshole more deeply. Sharon is more into it than ever, grunting and cursing with every thrust, not quite giving herself up completely but certainly more than she has at any other time so far. Josh is helping this along too, lifting his hips at the tail end of every pump, causing their bodies to smash together with a wet slapping sound, filling the room. From the look on her face and the sounds coming from her mouth, Sharon is close to cumming. She runs her hand down her stomach and uses three fingers to rub her clit, helping her along. After half a minute of rubbing herself vigorously, she throws her head back and lets out a low, guttural moan. A few seconds after that, her body freezes—her ass sitting on Josh, not moving, his cock planted deep in her asshole—then releases, sending a stream of juices squirting out of her pussy and all over Josh’s stomach as she cums. She continues going after her clit as her body shakes and shivers, wringing the last ounces of pleasure from her orgasm. Once she’s done cumming, Sharon slides down to the floor, letting Josh’s cock slip out of her asshole in the process. Now between his legs, she turns around and grabs ahold of his cock with her hand. She uses her tongue to clean his cock of all her ass juices, running it up and down the shaft and around the tip without actually putting it between her lips, until it’s all clean. But then, instead of sliding his cock into her mouth, she presses it up against his stomach, holding it there, exposing his balls. She drops her head down and starts licking his sack, running her tongue up from the bottom and then along the underside of his cock. After making that run a couple times, she takes his balls in her mouth, both testicles at the same time, and sucks on them while jerking him off all the while. It feels wonderful, especially after the tightness of her asshole. After working his balls for a few minutes, Sharon puts her hands beneath Josh’s legs and pushes up on them, exposing his asshole to her. She then slides her hands down to his asscheeks and spreads them wide, opening his ass up even further. Sharon glances up at Josh, smiling wryly, then goes to work on his asshole, running her tongue up it, licking like a kitten drinking milk. Josh lets out a low, pleasurable moan and starts breathing more deeply, his chest heaving. Sharon rightfully takes this as a sign that she’s doing something right, and starts working his asshole more aggressively, licking all around it and spitting on it and tonguing it more forcefully. And just when Josh thinks things can’t possibly get any better, Sharon buries her face in between his ass cheeks and slides her rigid tongue into his asshole. Josh curses under his breath and sucks in a huge breath, holding it for a few seconds before letting it out in a rush. Having the tip of Sharon’s tongue in his asshole is so nasty and perverted and feels so fucking incredible that it turns him on as much as anything he’s ever experienced. Not wanting the sensation to end, Josh leans forward and reaches down and grabs the back of Sharon’s head, holding her in place. She responds by sticking her tongue further out, shoving it deeper into his anus. Cursing again as a bolt of electricity runs up his spine, Josh pulls her further in towards him, smashing her face against his ass, forcing her tongue as far into his asshole as it will go. She works her tongue around, exploring his insides while her hand grabs ahold of his cock and starts jerking him off. Josh holds Sharon’s head there for nearly ten seconds before releasing her. Sharon’s head shoots back and she takes a moment to catch her breath before immediately going to work on his cock, sliding it into her mouth and bobbing her head up and down on it, taking it all the way down her throat with every thrust. Josh is right on the verge of cumming but trying to hold out as long as possible, wanting to savor every last second of this incredible woman giving him one of the best blowjobs he’s ever gotten. Sharon continues blowing him like a pornstar, swallowing his entire cock every time down. Wet, gagging, choking sounds are coming from her throat and her eyes are watering, making her mascara run, but still she isn’t letting up, her head bobbing up and down as aggressively as ever. Even though his cock wants nothing more than to explode, Josh still holds on for dear life, using everything in his power to hold out for just a few more seconds. Sharon runs her hand down to his balls and gives them a squeeze while continuing to blow him, adding to the already incredible pleasure, but still Josh holds on, although barely. He’s practically in tears now, and his face is screwed up in a knot, but he’s still fighting his orgasm with everything he has. And winning. But not for long. Just when Josh thinks he has a handle on things, Sharon runs her finger down his taint, and starts rubbing the outside of his asshole with it. The area is still wet and slippery from when she was working it with her tongue just minutes ago, increasing the pleasure tenfold and making it all but impossible for him to hold out for more than a few more seconds. And then comes the coup de grace. Just before Josh is about to cum, while still blowing him with just as much energy as before, Sharon slips the tip of her finger into his asshole. This is the final straw. A nuclear blast goes off in Josh’s head. Groaning loudly and muttering under his breath, Josh’s cock explodes, sending ropes of semen shooting out of the tip. The first blast happens while Sharon has his cock still in her mouth. After the first one, she uses her free hand to slide his cock out. Jerking his off aggressively, she elicits more cum from his cock, spraying it all everywhere, all over her face and tits and hair, his chest, the couch, the floor. He’s never produced so much cum from one session, not even close. Nine, maybe even ten blasts before he’s through. Only once he’s completely drained does Sharon pull the tip of her finger from his asshole. It escapes with a little pop, eliciting a shiver and a smile from Josh. Smiling up at him, Sharon licks the tip of his cock, then stands up. Grabbing his hand, she helps Josh to his feet, then leads him to the bathroom. After sharing a quick shower, they put on bathrobes and open another bottle of wine. It’s time for Josh to get to know Sharon better. If today’s session was any indication, he’s pretty sure he’s found himself a new regular. 