It was a short flight from LA to San Francisco and I drank as many of those little bottles of vodka as I could to get smashed: a needed condition for what I was about to go through. Yeah, I was nervous; I was informed that 200 tickets to the reading had been sold, and they expected many walk-ups. Two hundred? There was a time when I didn’t even sell that many copies of a twenty-four-page chapbook of poems. My publisher had called before I left and said Ugly Girls Are the Most Loving Creatures from Hell was going to a seventh printing, 15,000 more copies this time, and we had sold 75,000 so far. “A miracle,” said my publisher, “verse never sells like this.” “Two hundred plus,” I mumbled as I slugged down my seventh vodka, one for each printing. Two hundred?! The most people who had ever come to my readings in Los Angeles were maybe thirty or twenty-five. Or twenty. The little cafés and bars, the independent bookstores. “I’ll have another in advance for the eighth printing,” I told the sexy young stewardess. Maybe she wasn’t that sexy or that young but I was at the point where every woman in the world looked like Venus to me. She smiled and fetched me another. “They say 200 pre-sold tickets,” I said. “Excuse me?” “I’m doing a poetry reading to a big crowd of literary lovers, shovers and shakers and scalawags alike,” I said. “Hell, I’m fucking famous, did you know that?” She smiled and got me a ninth, and then a tenth, and then said she could not serve me anymore because we were about to land. I tipped her $10, the last money I had in my wallet. Those fuckers in San Fran better treat me well and pay what they promised. A tall skinny fellow with a long beard and ponytail was waiting for me as I stumbled off the flight. What was his name? “Mr Willis?” he said. “Danny Willis?” “That be I,” said I. “Chuck Bellows,” and he held out his hand. “Bellows, yes, we talked much on the phone. I didn’t envision you to be so tall. I saw in my mind a short fellow, a short Bellows, with thick glasses.” He laughed, and so did the woman standing next to him. Was this his daughter, girlfriend, wife, student? She seemed so young, wearing tight jeans and a halter top. Her blonde hair was cut very short, almost Jarhead style. Well, this was San Francisco. “This is Cindy,” Bellows said. “I’m a big fan of your work,” she said. I grabbed her, hugged her, kissed her. “I love all my fans, especially the pretty and sexy ones!” She giggled. “And the ugly and fat ones?” “All of them! Bring them on! Brigham Young! I dig Mormon chicks, too, baby, the more the merrier!” I was drunk all right, and feeling good about life . . . except for this reading. “We need to get going, your flight was late coming in,” said Bellows. I had no idea what time it was. “Can we stop off at a bar?” I asked. “No time.” “We’re in real time, my man,” I said. “A liquor store?” “Of course,” I wanted a quick one at the airport bar, Bellows paid for the vodka tonic. I slammed it down, in real time all right, and off we went. I didn’t care if we were late. Time was nothing to me. I was timeless and giddy. He didn’t have a car. No one drove in San Francisco. We took a Yellow Cab. He said there was a liquor store across the street from the venue where I was to read. Both Bellows and Cindy had copies of Ugly Girls they wanted me to sign. I signed them while in the back seat of the cab, Bellows on my left, Cindy on my right. I put my hand on her leg and she let it stay there, smiling at me. Bellows put a hand on my leg and smiled and I started to wonder how this fellow Bellows swung. This was San Fran after all. At the store, Bellows paid for a pint of vodka and a six-pack of Michelob. I had to piss something bad. Bellows said the men’s room was not working at the venue so I took a piss in the back alley. I went in. Back stage. I could hear a lot of voices out there. “We’re late by fifteen minutes but they are a patient crowd,” Bellows said. “What kind of crowd is this?” I asked. “All kinds. Students, poetry fans, actors, professors, collectors, queer and straight, black and brown, white and yellow, you have some hefty fans out there, Willis. We sold 600 tickets total. That’s the legal limit we can let in. We had to turn some people away and they were not happy.” I needed more vodka. “Six hundred?” I said. “Pretty neat, pretty neat,” Cindy said, handing me a beer. “For me?” I said. “That beer is for you,” she said. “No I mean the 600 lost souls out there, here for me?” “You’re famous, man,” said Bellows. So I wasn’t lying to the stewardess after all. I was certain I couldn’t do it, that I would choke up and run like a teen geek about to lose his cherry to a street whore with track marks. But once I got on stage and sat down with my pint, my beer, and my notebook of manuscripts, I eased right into the groove as I always did with an audience of three in a coffee shop. With the lights in my face, I couldn’t even see all those people, those staring faces, but I sure could hear them. They laughed in all the right places when I read, and laughed in strange places where the words were never meant to be funny. Maybe they were laughing at me. They liked my comments between poems. “You’re all fakes with your applause,” I accused them, “and I should kick all your asses. I can do it too. I have enough vodka in me. See,” and I finished the pint, “I can beat the fucking shit out of all you phony poseurs but what the hell, you paid to come see me babble, so I will read you some more of my shit,” and they loved it, they cheered and urged me on and chanted my name: “Willis! Willis! Willis!” I heard a woman yell: “I WANT TO SUCK YOUR COCK, WILLIS! I WANT TO EAT YOUR SPERM!” “Well, c’mon up, baby, and do it,” I replied. “Right here on stage, in front of all these fine people.” I heard a commotion, saw a woman in a short dress head to the stage. She tripped on her feet and fell face down. Some people helped her up and walked her out of the auditorium. “She’s drunker than I am,” I said into the microphone. “And hell, under all these lights and after all this booze, I’m not sure I would be able to cum in her mouth for her.” Applause. There was a big commotion outside. A group of skateboard punks who were turned away at the door, the max number of tickets sold, wanted in and were making a fuss. “Let them in!” I yelled. “For the fuck sake of literacy among the young, let them in!” I didn’t see it, but apparently the cops came by and hauled the skateboarders away for public disturbance. If I could do it over again, I would’ve gotten up and opened the door and welcomed those little fuckers with open arms – and taken their cash for entry, of course. This was not just art: it was commerce, and my next meal and drink. It was weird, but I liked it. I signed books after. Moved 310 copies. The publisher would be pleased. Three women had me sign their tits and one guy wanted me to sign his cock, but when he whipped it out, Bellows and Cindy grabbed him and led him away. “I have no problem signing another man’s dick!” I told them. Everyone wanted to buy me drinks, dinner; they wanted to be my best friend and I never had so many friends at one time. San Francisco wasn’t all that bad, and Bellows handed me a wad of twenties and fifties and said it was a grand, my take of the door as promised, two bucks for every ticket sold. I had expected $400. This was better. I had spent my last dough on airplane vodka and was broke, now I would be leaving with a grand. It was comforting to know my poetry could take care of me so well. I definitely needed to write more of the stuff, maybe that novel my publisher hoped I would compose. I demanded we go to Vesuvio’s, across the street from City Lights, because that’s where Jack K. and Allen G. used to hang and I wanted to be all literary and shit. First, Bellows showed me copies of Ugly Girls in the City Lights window. “I’ll have to thank that Ferlingehtti some day,” I said, “even though I can’t stand the crap he calls poetry.” In the famous bar, Cindy sat next to me and I touched her leg and she let me. The hand went closer and closer to her crotch. She stopped me before I could cop a feel of her camel toe. “Let’s get out of here and have some private fun,” I muttered to her. “You should know something, Danny Willis,” she said, “You’re married to Bellows?” “I’m gay.” “A lesbian?” “A bonafide dyke.” “Wow. The short hair, of course . . .” “This is San Francisco,” she said, “But you’ve been to bed with men.” “Sure. That’s why I went for the other side. Men just don’t know what they’re doing, when it comes to love.” “The hell with love.” “Don’t worry, there are plenty of ladies here who will be glad to take you to bed tonight,” Cindy said, patting my leg. “Is Bellows a fag?” I asked. “No. He likes to fuck his grad students, like all these men do.” I don’t know about ladies, but our group consisted of a dozen young girls and middle-aged women who all bought me drinks and vied for my attention. At some point, I vomited but I am not sure where. I woke up in a strange bed with a naked woman I did not know or remember, and had no idea how I got there and whether or not we fucked. Judging by the dried juices in my pubic hair, I assumed something interesting happened. I got out of the bed and found the bathroom. It was a nice and clean bathroom. I threw up in the sink and took a runny hangover shit and painful piss. My urethra seemed to be clogged with pussy juice, or my own cum, or both. Maybe the naked woman was the one who offered to blow me on stage. She was awake and smoking a cigarette when I returned. I put my pants on and she remained naked. She had drooping middle-aged tits with dark brown nipples, and a thick bush between her legs. Damn, she was one sexy momma. “You OK, Dan? Danny? What do you prefer?” “What did you call me last night?” “Daddy.” She laughed. “Don’t call me that,” I said. “Danny is fine. I’m fine. Got a hangover but it’s to be expected. I’m sorry, but I don’t remember your name.’” “Never told you it.” “Ah.” “Wanda,” she said, “Good morning, Wanda. Was last night memorable?” “You don’t remember.” She laughed again. “I’m sure it will come to me later on in the day.” “It was pretty good,” she said, nodding, “you have a nice thick cock, just the way I like them. I don’t enjoy the length if a man is that way, but I do get off being stretched.” “Where are we?” “Professor Bellows’ guest room.” “Professor? You one of his students?” “Colleague. I am also a prof.” “Do say. What do you prof ?” “Postmodern American literature.” “That’s a myth.” “Your book is on my syllabus for two classes.” “How kind.” “Would love for you to come to my classes and talk to my students.” “I’m on the spot, eh?” “No need to answer yet, just think about it. Say, how about a morning fuck?” “How kind of you,” I said. “I try to be a nice, accommodating woman.” Wanda Merritt, Ph.D., was thirty-eight, twice divorced, no kids, and a tenured professor at the same university Bellows worked at. She had published some critical theory books with university presses, the titles of which give me a headache trying to remember, something about the virtual ghost in the electronic double of postmodern blah blah. She was a great fuck, though, and could deepthroat my cock, which made her a winner in my opinion. So yeah, I returned two weeks later and read for her two classes. Deep down something primal and lizard brain told me this was a mistake, but I was just too damn curious to know more about Lady Postmodern and what she truly was all about. I figured the academic claptrap jargon and posing was just a role, and I wanted to see under that mask. I was the kind of guy always after the ugly truth, because then I could write a dozen poems about it. I was in the produce mode. That’s what my publisher told me: “Produce, man, produce, get out enough for another collection and watch the money come rolling in!” Was it really about the money? Where did the art factor in, the “fuck fame and riches” attitude most of the small press poets had? I realized, those days, that poverty was bullshit and the whole “I starve for my verse” was just a way of justifying the fact that 99 per cent of the poets out there made very little, if any, dough off the stanzas and broken lines. I was starting to like the money, and this taste of fame. I was getting things I was never able to so easily before. I was forty-one and ready to give my audience more of what they seemed to want, and they did not want my old stuff, the terse verse and clean smooth words from when I was twenty-five and won the Bethlehem Young Poets Award, that first real collection in hardback and published by a university press that garnered much praise, good reviews, but moved few copies: 300 in hardback, 800 in paper. For the award, I was told that was common; for the university press, they said this was good, that most poetry collections seldom moved more than 500 copies all together, hard and soft editions combined, most of those sales going to libraries and die-hard collectors of first editions. Speaking of first editions, I started to wonder how much the first printings of Ugly Girls I signed (I guessed 500 out of the initial 5,000 first print run) would go for down the road. I was told collectors were already starting to price them and some of my signed chapbooks of yesteryear were fetching upward to $100. I’d had one guy come by my place, just before Ugly Girls started moving, and pay me $500 for signed copies of all my chapbooks, letting go my personal copies. I needed the money bad at the time: I had an alcohol addiction to nurse. I digress. Back to Wanda Merritt, Ph.D., the Postmodern Slut . . . Reading for the first class went well; there were about twenty students, ranging in age from nineteen to fifty, and they listened to me with academic intensity, occasionally taking notes. Notes? About what? About beer shits and herpes and abortions and saggy tits of old women I met at bars? The second class was bigger, about forty students, and during my reading some fellow in a rumpled shirt and tie barged in, holding a bottle of tequila, and yelled, “YOU’RE NO POET, WILLIS! ALL YOU DO IS WRITE PROSE FICTION AND BREAK IT UP INTO LINES AND CALL IT POETRY! THAT’S NOT POETRY! WHAT I WRITE IS POETRY!” “Yeah,” I said, “prove it.” The students laughed nervously. “I don’t have my work memorized,” he mumbled, swaying, “and I don’t have my book with me – BUT WHAT YOU WRITE IS NOT FUCKING POETRY! I DON’T GET IT! WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO WHEN FRAUDS LIKE YOU GET LAUDED AS GREAT AMERICAN POETS?!?” “Eugene,” Wanda said harshly, “that is enough. Get out.” “Give me a swig of that bottle,” I said, rushing to the drunken guy before Wanda could, taking his bottle of tequila and slugging a good portion down. It burned as sweetly as a lip-bite from a $20 Tijuana hooker. Wanda ushered the guy out and I still had the bottle. “Price for interrupting the Great American Poet at work,” I said, sitting back down. The students loved it. They applauded. Wanda stood by the door, arms folded, looking at me with a grin, shaking her head as I continued to read and drink the tequila. “I’m sorry about Eugene,” Wanda said. “He’s what you call a tortured soul.” We were at the campus pub sharing a pitcher of beer with one of her students, a petite little thing with pink and purple hair and freckles. “What an accusation he made,” I said. “Perhaps he’s right,” and shrugged because I didn’t give a fuck what anyone thought about my work. “He is wrong,” the petite student said. Oh, her name was Kelly. “He can’t get tenure,” Wanda said. “I don’t think he will. He isn’t being published in any important places. Magazines that come and go. Nothing like, say, the New York Quarterly or Ploughshares.” “Both those places published me,” I said. “NYQ recently, Ploughshares twenty years ago when I wrote a different sort of thing.” “I have both issues,” Kelly said. “Kelly is a big fan,” Wanda informed me. Kelly was playing footsies under the table with me. “Kelly is one of my best grad students,” Wanda continued, “has a bright future. She has already published critical essays in key peer-review journals. She wants to write one about your work.” “Compare it to Kerouac’s verse,” Kelly said. “How nice,” I said. “Wish Jack’s stomach hadn’t exploded and he was still around, I would’ve loved to meet him in the meat world.” “Kelly has agreed to something that I think you will approve and like,” Wanda said. “Yeah?” I said. “A threesome.” ‘“You don’t say.’” Kelly had her foot in my crotch. “I do say,” she did say. Everything went pretty damn good the first hour in bed with professor and student. Kelly was so fragile that I thought we might break her, with her skinny hips and flat chest and thin arms, but she kept up with us, going from sucking my dick to eating Wanda’s hairy snatch. They swapped my cum, probably for my benefit, and I knew I had to write a poem about such a thing. I tried to fuck Kelly in the ass but her sphincter would not accommodate, no matter how much lube we used. Kelly was in tears. I said her pussy was fine. “No,” Wanda said, “I want to see you make that little butthole gape.” Kelly jumped up and burst into tears. “I can’t do this anymore! I said yes for you, Wanda, because I knew this is what you wanted but it’s not what I want! Do you think I really like fucking men? And an old fat man like him!” Old and fat? “I’m only forty-one,” I said. Yeah, I guess I had a bit of a gut, expected with all the beer, wine and vodka. “You like it when it’s disgusting,” Kelly said to her professor. “You’re a pervert! I love you, honey, but you’re a pervert!” Kelly started to get dressed. “You walk out that door,” Wanda started. “Or what? Or what?!” said Kelly. “Go ahead, or what?” Wanda sighed. “Go.” “Have fun with your disgusting old drunk,” Kelly said, and to me: “I’m sorry, Mr Willis, I think you are a genius writer but as a sex partner, you’re too old and your penis is too big.” She left. I looked at my cock. I was pretty impressive in girth, big veins and smelly of fuck, with a pulsing purple head. Wanda groaned. “Never get involved that deeply with a student.” “So you’re gay,” I said, thinking of Cindy and the lost possibilities. “I go both ways.” “Ever fuck male students?” “Of course.” “And her?” “She is in love with me.” “Do you love her back?” “Don’t be ridiculous,” Wanda Merritt, Ph.D., said. “Come here and stick that fat ugly cock inside me.’” “Yes, Doctor,” I obliged. Kelly returned in the morning to apologize for her outburst and asked what she could do to make things right. Wanda said, “Get on your bony knees and blow him. I want to watch.” Watch she did, as little Kelly got on her knees before me. I was sitting in a chair in the kitchen, drinking coffee with a shot of rum. She did her best to get me fully in her mouth. She rubbed my balls as I jerked the base of my thingamabob. “Swallow it all,” Wanda ordered. Kelly did not. She spat it out and rubbed my cum into my balls. I liked that. “You get over here and lick it up,” she told Wanda, and Wanda did this, and everything now seemed to be right as rain between the two. That afternoon, Wanda drove me to the airport (a rare person in San Francisco with a car). “Until next time,” she said. We both knew there would be no next time. “My book tour starts in a week,” I said. “I bet you’ll have a lot of fun,” she said, “if you know what I mean.” I did, and I planned to. 