My boyfriend Brad and I were camping down at the beach. After a day of surfing and partying I was tired, sweaty and stinking of smoke from the campfires. I decided to have a shower before hitting the sack. Entering the block I heard water running and the giggling sounds of a man and woman coming from one of the cubicles where steam from the hot running water lingered. Intrigued, I entered the stall next to them and instantly their voices subsided to whispers. Wanting them to think I was unaware of them being in there together, I turned on the taps and began humming. Then I quietly climbed up on the bench and peeked over the top. They were both naked. Water cascaded down their tanned bodies as they soaped each other up. She was pulling at his cock, her foam-covered hand slipping up and down the slippery shaft. I watched in awe as he grabbed at her huge breasts, which looked like melons, and gave them a good washing, taking care to tweak her nipples before his mouth descended upon them and his other hand disappeared between her thighs. My pussy twitched madly as his tongue flickered over her nipples before he sucked one deep into his mouth, stretching it out as she squealed with delight. She grabbed hold of his head, smothering him into her breasts as water gushed over his hair and face before he broke free to take in some air. Checking to make sure there was no one else in the shower block, I quietly removed my clothes and continued to watch. Being naked, and in such close proximity, with only a wall to separate us made this an absolute turn-on. As I watched, my hand roamed around my pubic hair and I imagined him in here with me soaping me up, running his hands over my tits and then down further over my pussy and into my slit. I was wishing Brad was in here with me and wondering why we never did anything so risqué. We always talked about our fantasies, what we’d do one day, but never acted upon them. Holding my breath, I watched as he stood behind her and bent her forward. His massive cock, all shiny and wet, probed around her arse cheeks before it slipped into her pussy. She placed her hands against the wall and pushed back, grinding her arse into him, while his fingers gripped her hips and he slammed his rock-hard cock into her. The slapping of their wet bodies and her moaning seemed to echo in the quiet room. I was rubbing my clit, enjoying being the voyeur, but when I reached a peak where I knew I was about to come, I sat down on the edge of the bench, placed my feet on the opposite wall and opened my legs wide. I pulled back the hood over my clit, my scent filling my nostrils while their moaning filled my ears. I rubbed quickly, enjoying what I was doing and before long my body arched and spasmed as an orgasm shook through me. I had my lips pursed tight, trying hard not to moan as my juices dribbled down the crack of my arse. My chest heaved and my breasts shook and my legs quivered as I kept coming. Not satisfied with just my fingers, I grabbed my shampoo bottle and inserted it inside me. Inching it in I began to fuck myself with it, imagining the guy in the cubicle was in here with me and it was his cock fucking me instead. About to come again, I rammed the bottle deeper, crushing my breast, rolling my fingers over my nipple, pinching the flesh. My head fell back on the verge of a mighty orgasm and I looked up through half-closed eyes to see that the couple now were watching me. Dropping the bottle I stood on shaky legs unsure of what I should do as I tried to find my towel and cover up. ‘Hey!’ I said outraged, ‘what … what do you think you’re doing?’ ‘Want to join us?’ the guy asked, his handsome face beaming down at me. ‘I … er … I …’ I stammered, unable to speak properly, the very thought of them having just watched me turning me into a blithering idiot. ‘Come on, we won’t tell anyone,’ she giggled. ‘We know you were watching us before.’ I didn’t hesitate then. Leaving my clothes, I ran out naked and into their cubicle. I’ve never done anything so bold and uncertain before and was unsure of how to go about it. I didn’t want to come across naive and stupid, even though I was. I needn’t have worried though. They sandwiched me between them and the two of them soaped me up, running their hands deliciously all over my body. The guy pulled my head back to kiss me and the woman sucked my nipples into her mouth. I’ve never felt so sexy in my life. She crushed my breasts, her fingers digging in deep before sucking harder, drawing on the nipple, sucking, sucking and then licking while his cock probed my arse. I orgasmed immediately, my knees buckling while I gasped for breath, unable to believe anything could be this mindblowing. It was fucking amazing and when she worked her mouth lower to nibble on my clit before sticking her fingers inside my already saturated cunt I actually swooned. I was so overcome with lust that I could barely stand. The guy’s finger was poking at my puckered hole and he soaped up his hand while he caressed my cheeks, his fingers slipping down the crack and then slowly inching in as he gently bent me over. She rose, grabbing at one of my breasts and with her fingers still in my cunt and his finger in my hole it took only seconds for me to come. As my juices ran down her fingers she murmured to her boyfriend. ‘She’s hot for you, man,’ and as quick as a flash he bent me further forward and rammed that fantastic cock of his straight into my saturated pussy. I was tottering on the tips of my toes as the water was cascading down between our bodies. The woman massaged my tits, pulling at my nipples, squeezing hard until I nearly screamed out while he fucked me ferociously. Then with my body weak and tingling all over the guy laid me on the small ledge, one foot flat on the floor while the other was pressed hard against the wall. He threw his fat cock into my open mouth and I gobbled it up greedily. He smacked my gaping pussy, electrifying the lips as I sucked him off. She pushed his hand away and went down on me smothering my pussy with her hot mouth. I sucked frantically, desperately wanting to please these people and enjoying every second. Then we changed positions. The woman climbed up on the seat too, lifting one leg over her man’s shoulder while he fingered her cunt. I couldn’t stop looking at her perky lips stretched wide as four of his fingers fucked her. I’d been fingering myself while I watched and now eager to taste my first pussy, I sidled up to her and began licking out her snatch. With her leg still resting over his shoulder, I licked from her hole all the way up and around her lips, pulling his fingers away so I could spend time tantalizing her clit. He too then lowered his head and as our tongues lashed against each other we brought her to an orgasmic peak, her juices oozing over both our mouths and chins. They were insatiable and now he sat on the bench and motioned for me to straddle his cock. I jumped on quickly, eager to become impaled upon him. With my feet resting on the seat he held me by my arse cheeks and bounced me up and down while his girlfriend slipped her finger in and out of my hole. ‘Oh God, yeah,’ I moaned as my slippery cunt slid over his pulsating shaft. I began to moan louder, not caring if anyone could hear, and thrashed my head from side to side while the guy nibbled hard on my nipples. Unable to stop myself, I cried out as my juices gushed from me, all over his lap and down his thighs. I held his head tightly against my breasts, breathless as I came again, and still he bounced me up and down until I thought I’d be split in two. Finally he stopped and I collapsed against him, feeling his throbbing cock deep inside me while he now sucked my nipples delicately, swirling his tongue around before lapping at them, his breath causing goose bumps to break out all over my body. ‘My turn,’ the girl purred in my ear and as though in a daze I disentangled myself from him. On shaky legs I stood, turned and kissed the girl full on the mouth while my hands grabbed at her enormous breasts. He pulled me back towards him and I felt his cock probe my hole, pulling my cheeks apart as he slowly inched his huge knob in. While he bent me further forward, she sat and my face practically fell into her lap. She lay back as much as she could, lifted her legs and flopped them over my shoulders and I dove down into her hairless snatch. My knees did buckle and I swayed as he prised my cheeks further apart and then suddenly he was all the way in. Fucking my arse like that, was something I’d never experienced before and I loved it. I had no idea how he’d managed to manoeuvre himself in but I went wild, smothering my face in the woman’s cunt, while he slammed in and out of me. ‘Mary, you in here?’ a voice cried out. Shit it was my boyfriend Brad. ‘Mary?’ he asked again when I didn’t answer. ‘I’ll … er … I’ll be out in a minute,’ I mumbled, trying to disengage myself from the two of them. ‘Invite him in,’ the guy leaned over me and whispered in my ear while still fucking my arse. ‘What?’ I gasped, my face wet with her juices. ‘Invite him in,’ his girlfriend giggled as she manoeuvred over to the door. ‘Want to join me?’ I asked, my voice quivering as I hoped I was making the right decision. ‘Sure,’ he laughed but the laughter died on his lips as the door opened and he saw me being fucked like some whore. ‘What the …’ he began. The woman grabbed him and dragged him in. ‘Fucking hell,’ he said, stripping out of his clothes as we all squeezed in together. The woman and I both ravished him, fighting over who was going to suck his cock first. Brad then picked me up and I jumped up to straddle his waist. His cock found my pussy immediately and I slid down his amazing shaft. The other guy sandwiched me in and then his cock was fucking my hole again. With the two of them fucking me like that I came like a madwoman, screaming and crying. We spent hours in there, doing everything you can imagine to each other and more. It’s the best fun I’ve had in the shower, and thank God there were no water restrictions on to dampen our lovemaking. 