You comfortable? I guess so. Would you like to start? I suppose. I realize this must be difficult for you, so any time you would like to stop just say so. Yeah . . . But I don’t think you know how I feel. I assume I do not know exactly how you feel, but I would think that you feel self-conscious talking about the events – No, no. That’s not it. It’s her, not me. I’m concerned about what you’ll think about her. I see. No, you don’t . . . not really. You see, I love her. With all of me I love her. She opened up a world I never knew existed. Yes . . . love can do that. Yes, and beyond. Would you like to start? Yes. How did it all begin? It began with her mouth. She had a way of moving her mouth that stimulated every muscle and bone in my body . . . and my mind. At first I was just amazed at the feelings — Do you remember what you were thinking? I don’t think I was thinking. I was totally overwhelmed by the feelings. But I do remember having trouble breathing for a few minutes. It was that overwhelming. What did you do then? I don’t really remember doing it, but suddenly . . . my ah . . . my thing was in her mouth and I almost passed out. The sensation was stimulating . . . erotically? Erotically? I don’t know. I had never been with a woman before. It was my first time. I only know part of what happened — Only part? – the feelings seem to surround me . . . sort of wrap themselves around me and I don’t remember where I was or where I went but the feelings more and more kind of swallowed me and I remember I could hardly breathe and I couldn’t really see — You lost your vision? No, no, it’s not like that, it’s just that I couldn’t focus on anything, it’s like the air was spinning and I wanted to yell and scream and cry and I was spinning around and the feelings sort of ate me up and I sort of disappeared into the feelings and that’s all there was . . . was this . . . this feeling . . . I was just one big feeling . . . yeah, it ate me up. I see. How long did this . . . experience last? Don’t know. Well, what time did it start? I don’t know. Let me try it this way . . . what was the last time of the day you remember? It was daylight. Daylight. What time in the daylight . . . morning, afternoon, what? I don’t know . . . daylight — Come now, there must be something you can remember that will give us a point of reference with respect to the time of day. Really! Well . . . I did eat lunch . . . yeah, I’m pretty sure I ate lunch . . . I think. Hmmm . . . yeah, peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Yeah. On Graham crackers. Not really a sandwich I guess, but — Yes. Well, that does give us a point of reference. So it was afternoon. I assume you do eat lunch in the afternoon. Oh, yeah. One o’clock. Lunchtime, you know. Yes . . . lunchtime. What time did you regain your memory? It was dark. I mean sort of. Of course. “Sort of.” That narrows it. You know, it was dark and it looked like the sun had just gone down. Well, apparently you were in ecstasy for at least four hours. Ecstasy? Never mind. What happened when you awoke? Well, I just sort of lay there . . . I mean it took a while to realize where I was — In what way? Well, it’s sort of confusing. I didn’t recognize things at first. It took a little while for me to realize it was home. But when I tried to move I was weak, very weak. My body felt wobbly. You felt drained? I guess. I tried to move and I realized my arms were still around her and my thing was still in her mouth and she was looking at me with her big pretty eyes and – Your “thing” was still in her mouth? Yeah. And she looked at me . . . you know, sort of sideways. And when I tried to move she started sucking on it again. I see. And you had another . . . memory lapse? Well, sort of. Sort of. You either did or didn’t. Yeah . . . but see, I remember it was dark and I went to my house . . . leastways that’s where I woke up. I don’t suppose you know what time that was? Sunrise. I remember lying in bed and watching the sun and she seemed to sort of wiggle out of the sun . . . sort of. Wiggle out of the sun? I mean it really wasn’t her, but you know how you can see the sun when it first comes up and she seemed to wiggle out of it and her breasts were like two suns and beams of light came right out of the nipples into the room and started going up and down on my body and my thing got all big and hard like concrete and it hurt . . . an itchy sort of hurt and she came right through the window and at first I had to close my eyes the light was so bright, but it got dimmer and I could feel her sucking and licking my thing and her tongue was warm and wet and her lips were so soft and she just kept doing it and my thing was so big but she put it all in her mouth and I kept trying to move but I was so weak and her tongue was licking me all over – All over? Yeah. What do you mean by, all over? You know . . . everywhere. Ah . . . those places. Be specific. You ashamed to tell me exactly what she did? Yeah, sort of. I’m afraid you’ll think bad things about her. I wouldn’t think bad things about her. Tell me everything . . . in detail. Well . . . She would bend over me and rub her lips all around the top of my thing and look at me with those . . . her eyes were so soft and sweet – Yes, yes, but what did she do? Well . . . she would put her lips around the top of my thing and rub it and twirl her tongue around it all at the same time, then put it deeper and deeper into her mouth looking at me so sweet and twirling her tongue and I could feel my thing hitting the back of her throat, all the way in, and she sang a song or hummed and something kept rubbing the tip of my thing and her tongue kept licking and then she would slowly oh so slowly raise her head – Still using her tongue? Yes. Her tongue. And she slowly raised her head until it was just the tip in her mouth, then she would slowly put it all in her mouth again, over and over and I felt like my heart would stop and she took it out of her mouth for a moment and smiled then started running her tongue up and down and around it and then she . . . she kept going. Kept going? What do you mean? Well, she kept moving her tongue all the way down my thing and then started licking my things and – Things? What in the hell do you mean? My things . . . my . . . sacks. Oh. Go on. Continue. Well . . . You won’t think bad things about her? No, no. What did she do next? She kept licking and kissing the inside of my thighs then down to my . . . you know, my . . . She stuck her tongue in your asshole? She rimmed you? Rimmed? Never mind, never mind. Keep going. Well, I can’t hardly be sure. You what? I kept forgetting sort of . . . like I was out of my body but lost in it or something. I never felt anything like this. She kept doing these things to my thing and then my tummy, then back to my thing and sacks and bottom and everywhere and I was going in circles and all the time those big eyes were smiling at me and then it would seem like everything, every part of my body, all the feeling would go into my thing and it felt like it was swelling up and huge and was going to burst and she would always put it back in her mouth and rub it up and down with her beautiful lips and I would explode and she would keep going and – She swallowed it. It? Forget about it, go on, go on. Well I just seemed to float away and I think I screamed or something and I just seemed to collapse but then I would hear her sort of humming and feel her mouth around my thing and then her finger was rubbing my bottom-hole – Ahhh . . . – then she put her finger in and out as she kept rubbing up and down on my thing with her mouth as she sucked and licked all the stuff from my thing and then I would explode again – How many times? Huh? How many times did you come? Huh? Explode, for God’s sake? I don’t know. It just kept happening, over and over, all day. All day? Yeah. Then she just held me for a while and kissed me and let the gooey stuff from my thing drip into my mouth then put her breast in my mouth and told me to bite her nipples and she squirmed and moaned and I kept biting and squeezing and something came over me and I started kissing her everywhere and biting her and she put my hand in her thing. Your whole hand? Yeah, she just – You fisted her. Fist – Go on. And she moved around and up and down on my hand and it slowly went up her thing and all my fingers went in, and then my knuckles disappeared and she kept moaning and squirming and pushing down on my hand and I was in past my wrist and she kept squirming and pushing and moaning and saying yes, yes, harder, fuck me, fuck me and I was feeling squirmier and squirmier and rolled around and my thing was all big and hard and felt itchy sort of and she pulled my hand out of her and I didn’t want her to and shoved it in further and further and chewed on her breasts and she rolled around and around and finally slid off my hand and sat on my thing and I lay there watching it going in and out of her thing and it was all wet and dripping and I wished I could lick both our things while she was doing it but she shoved me down and bent over me and stuck her breasts in my face and told me to chew on her tits and I did and I kept biting harder and harder and I could taste blood in my mouth and she sat up and moved around on my thing and pulled the lips of hers apart and pointed to some little thing in there and told me to rub it and I did and it sort of flapped back and forth and she started moaning again and saying yes, yes, o fuck, fuck, yes, yes and I pinched it and rubbed it harder and harder and it seemed to get bigger and soon I was getting all jelly again and she kept bouncing up and down harder and harder and I felt so weak but I felt like I wanted to tear her thing out and pinched harder and harder until I exploded again and I couldn’t rub it any more but she kept moving, but slowed down and soon she just sat there and every few seconds she would sit up and I could see all the gooey stuff on my thing and dripping from hers and then she finally got off and rubbed her thing up and down on my tummy and then licked my thing and sucked it until all the goo was gone and then she kissed me and I could taste it and I sucked it out of her mouth and my thing started getting itchy and then she rubbed her thing on my chest then knelt over me and put her thing on my mouth and told me to open my mouth and I put her thing in my mouth and she peed in my mouth, real slow and it was warm and made my thing itch and get hard and swollen and then she moved her thing slowly down my body and peed all over me and put my thing in hers and kept peeing and told me to pee and I did and I stopped when she said to and she got off and closed her thing then knelt over my face and let the pee drip all over me then told me to pee in her mouth and I peed too fast and she grabbed my thing and squeezed it so hard I couldn’t pee and she . . . Why do you stop? I don’t want you to not like her. Believe me, I like her. What else did you do? I don’t know . . . lots of things. How long were you doing this? Don’t know. Seems like the sun came up and went down many times. How many times did you . . . explode? Didn’t count. Lots I guess. Over and over and over. What else did you do? All kinds a things. Can’t remember everything. Ropes and things . . . Did she look like the women in those magazines you have? Sort of I guess. Not really sure what she looks like. Think she’s prettier. How long have you been collecting those magazines? Couple of years. Since mother died. And you have been living alone since then . . . since she died? Yeah. You can’t remember everything you did? No . . . But I think there was a lot of biting. Seems like I remember her saying over and over to bite her nipples . . . Biting her nipples . . . Did you also kiss them and lick them? Oh yeah, lots of licking . . . yeah. And you fondled them and stroked her pu – vagina? Vaa . . . Her thing. Uh huh. Lots. And it got wet and . . . Oh, yeah. It got wet and slippery like and it dripped all over – And you licked it and kissed it? Uh huh. She pushed me down on my back and kneeled over me and told me to stick my tongue out and she’d spread her thing open and slide it up and down on my tongue then just sit on my face and tell me to bite her thing and sometimes she’d pee and rub her thing all over my face and tell me to keep licking and biting . . . yeah, over and over. And you nibbled her clit during a golden shower . . . Huh? I just bit where she said. And she turned over and you licked her ass. Oh yeah. She kneeled over me and spread it open and told me to put my tongue in there too and everything made my thing get big and she’d put my thing in her mouth while she moved around on my tongue and wiggled and I started biting her even when she didn’t say to and it made me dizzy and my body would jerk around and everything was yelling, even my toes, then I’d explode and I’d feel like my body was going to snap like a twig, then I would feel like jelly, all wishy-washy like jelly. And she kept your thing in her mouth. Yeah . . . oh yeah, and kept doing things and I got all hard and swollen and – And you kept biting her tits and nipples and ass. Uh huh. She kept saying like you, bite my ass, bite my nipples. Yeah. And you kept biting and it felt good to sink your teeth into her ass and nibble on her pussy. I kept biting even when she was bleeding. I think I bit one of her nipples off . . . or almost. Maybe. Oh Jesus, you bit it off, just bit the fucking thing off her tit? Don’t know. Maybe . . . Why you taking your thing out? Show me how she kept your thing so hard. Oh, you got that gooey stuff dripping out . . . Hm, my thing was bigger and harder. Put it in your mouth and do what she did . . . oh . . . oh . . . How did you feel after you killed her? I’m not sure. I woke up holding her and I thought maybe it had been a nightmare, but there was blood and she was dead. Why did you kill her? I don’t know. Couldn’t think of anything else to do, I guess. What did you do then? I ate her. You ate her. Well, I didn’t just eat her like she was. I wouldn’t do that. It wouldn’t be right. I baked her first. Baked her. Yeah. Sorta slowly. Then I ate her. It took a long time, days I guess . . . many days it seems like. What did you do next? I don’t exactly know. Seems like I slept a lot. Then what? I think I called the police. Why did you do that? Seemed like the right thing to do. Do you know where you are? Police station – some sort of jail, I guess. You’re in a hospital. Hospital? Yes. And I am a doctor. Specifically, a psychiatrist. Why would I be in a hospital? I didn’t get hurt. The police checked your story and there’s no evidence of a crime. What do you mean? There was no woman’s body or . . . remains. But I ate her. Yes, that is what you said. But all they found were the bones and hide of a lamb. What are you talking about . . . this is crazy . . what do you think I did with her? There was no woman. It was all a hallucination. Hallucination? You made it all up in your head. She was real. I just think about her and my thing gets all hard. I know you believe it. It was real . . . Now, tell me again how you put your thing in her mouth and tickled her tonsils, then bit her nipple off . . . 