Tina was a size queen. She liked cocks that were big enough to fill her up, ones that she could feel pressing against her vaginal walls, ones that poked their tips up against her insides while she was being fucked. To be fair, she enjoyed cocks of all sizes. But she loved big cocks. The bigger the better. And she’d been with some men that had huge ones. Cocks that were 10, 11, 12 inches long. Cocks that were as wide as a Maglite. And some that were both. But none of the cocks she’d ever come across were as big as Dennis’s. It was monstrous. As soon as Tina saw Dennis at the club she had a feeling that he had a big cock. She had a sixth sense about these things as was rarely wrong. And when she glanced down at his bulge, she saw that her suspicions were confirmed. But it wasn’t until she “accidentally” brushed her hand against it that she realized just how big it was. Certainly within her range of enjoyment with the potential for even more. From the moment she brushed her hand against Dennis’s cock, Tina just wanted to touch it, play with it, fondle it. Suck on it for a bit. Then stick it in her pussy. And quickly. Whether it was in the bathroom or in the storage closet or in the back parking lot of the club, she didn’t care. She just needed it. Right now. “Hey baby,” Tina said, whispering into Dennis’s ear. “I know this is crazy, being that we don’t even know each other, but I really want to get a closer look at your cock. What do you say?” If Dennis was surprised, he didn’t show it. Tina guessed that, due to his looks, this sort of thing happened to him on a fairly regular basis. Dennis glanced over at Tina and gave her a good look-over, then smiled and nodded his head. “That sounds like fun,” he replied. This didn’t surprise Tina any more than getting hit on had surprised Dennis. With her cute face and stunning body, she rarely got turned down by men. “Where to?” Tina asked. “Out the back door,” Dennis said. “There’s a loading dock that’s pretty private.” “Sounds perfect,” Tina said. She took his hand and led him through the crowd, snaking her way through the people towards the back door. Tina was already wet from excitement. She knew they wouldn’t be able to get too freaky in a public place, especially one as uncomfortable as a loading dock, but that was perfectly fine with her. She didn’t think they’d be able to get too crazy anyway, not with the size of his cock. She hadn’t got a good look at it yet, but from what she could tell from feeling it behind his pants, it was huge. Potentially the biggest cock she’d ever been with, which was saying a lot. Once they reached the back door, Tina popped it open and pulled Dennis outside. They were going at it before the door had even closed behind them. Tina slipped her tongue into his mouth and explored around while immediately running her hand down to his cock and rubbing it through his pants. It hardened beneath her touch, going from large to enormous within seconds. She decided she needed a closer look at it right away. Dropping to her knees, Tina undid Dennis’s zipper, reached into his pants, and carefully negotiated his cock through the hole created by the open zipper. It wasn’t even fully stiff yet and it was already immense. At least twelve inches long and nearly as wide as a water bottle. “Holy shit,” she said, laughing to herself. “Not bad, huh?” Dennis said. “It’s fucking incredible,” Tina said, grinning up at him. “It’s the biggest cock I’ve ever seen in my life.” “Just wait until it reaches its full potential,” Dennis said, smiling down at her. “Let’s help it get there,” Tina said, opening her mouth and sticking the tip of his cock inside of it. She had to open as wide as she could just to get her lips around it. “That’s a good girl,” Dennis said. “Open wide, baby.” Tina pushed her head forward, swallowing as much of his cock as she could but couldn’t even get half of it inside her mouth. She was used to sucking on big cocks but Dennis’s was just ridiculous. She only had a couple dildos bigger than it and they were mostly just used as props, not actual toys. After bobbing on his cock for a good thirty seconds, Tina pulled her head back to catch her breath. Tears were dripping down her cheeks from the effort, but she was thoroughly enjoying the challenge of Dennis’s cock. “You okay down there?” he asked. “I’m fucking great,” she said, looking up at him from her knees. “It’s quite a load, isn’t it?” Dennis said. “It sure is,” Tina replied. “But I’m not done yet. I’ve got a few tricks up my sleeve.” “I’m sure you do,” he said, laughing softly. Tina gathered up a bunch of saliva and spit on his cock, then worked it into his flesh, jerking him off with both her hands on his cock at the same time. She spit on it again and jerked him off with more speed as his cock hardened up further. “That’s right, baby,” Dennis said. “Work that fucking cock. Get it nice and hard.” It was definitely coming along, but certainly not completely hard yet. So Tina decided to up the ante a bit. Pulling one hand off Dennis’s cock, she reached into his pants and grabbed ahold of his balls. After fondling them for a bit while still jerking him off with her free hand, Tina pulled them out of his pants too. They were just as proportionally large as his cock, a couple of low-hanging fruits that were just waiting to get sucked on. Dropping her head down further, Tina scooted forward and took Dennis’s balls in her mouth. Still jerking him off, she sucked on his testicles, one at a time at first, then both together while Dennis moaned in pleasure. With his balls still in her mouth, Tina looked up at him from behind his cock and could see how much he was enjoying himself, which turned her on even further. With her free hand, Tina went to work on her pussy, slipping her fingers under her skirt and beneath her panties and sliding them into her already wet snatch. She released his balls from her mouth and went back to work on his cock, jamming it as far into her mouth as she could while she played with herself. Her excitement allowed her to push further, forcing more of Dennis’s cock into her mouth. She had nearly swallowed three-quarters of it when she finally pulled away, gasping and heaving, saliva pouring out of her mouth and three fingers planted deep in her pussy. “Not bad,” Dennis said. “Not bad at all.” “Thanks, baby,” Tina said, her hand still grasping his shaft tightly as she climbed to her feet. “But now I want to know how your huge fucking cock feels inside of me.” “Yeah?” Dennis asked. “Are you sure you can handle it?” He sounded serious but the smile on his face betrayed his true intentions, which were to tease more than challenge her. She glared at him. “I live for cocks like yours. Show me what you can do with it.” “If you insist,” Dennis said. He spun her around so her ass was to him and pushed her up against the wall of the building. Using her hands to brace herself, Tina slid her feet apart and stuck her ass out towards him. Casting a glance back towards Dennis, Tina lifted up her skirt, revealing her tight, toned ass that was hidden only by her black g-string. She grabbed ahold of her panties and yanked them to the side, freeing up her wet pussy for Dennis’s cock. And he took advantage, sidling up to her and grabbing ahold of his cock and slipping it into her pussy without any pretense. Tina let out a low, deep groan, part pleasure and part pain as Dennis forced his humungous cock into her pussy. She was used to having big cocks in there but he was in a different world completely, and even though she knew from brief experience how large his cock truly was, it still was a surprise at how much it stretched her pussy out when it was inside of her. “Ohmyfuckinggod,” Tina said, saying all the words in a single, breathless burst. “Are you okay?” Dennis asked, concerned at her tone. He paused with his cock halfway inside of her. “I’m great,” Tina said. “Don’t worry about me. I’m having a wonderful time.” “Are you sure?” Dennis asked. “Positive,” she said, still barely able to talk. “Keep going. I can take it, even if I sound like I can’t.” “If you insist,” Dennis said, pushing his hips forward some more, forcing more of his cock into Tina’s pussy. “There you go,” she said, careful not to concern him with her tone. She wanted to feel his whole cock inside her. The pain was just as important part of the experience as the pleasure, and she didn’t want him to worry that she couldn’t take it. “That’s what I’m talking about.” Dennis got almost his entire cock inside her before he started working his hips back and forth, moving gently against her at first, giving her a chance to get used to his size. And she was getting used to it, little by little. Tina’s pussy was stretching out to accommodate him, and even though she knew she wouldn’t get totally comfortable with his cock inside her, she was fine with that. It was all part of the experience. “Harder,” Tina said after half a minute of Dennis moving slowly against her. “Fuck me harder. Like you mean it. Don’t be afraid. You won’t hurt me.” Dennis shook his head in amazement and laughed under his breath but did as she asked, pumping his hips faster and faster, fucking her more aggressively with every thrust. “That’s right, that’s right,” Tina said. “Just like that, just like that!” Dennis was grunting now as his body slammed up against Tina’s ass. His hands were on her hips and he was pulling her towards him every time he came forward, forcing his cock deeper inside her with every single pump. “Holy shit, holy fucking shit!” Tina said as Dennis continued to pound her from behind. His cock felt incredible inside of her pussy, just the right amount of pain to go along with the pleasure she was experiencing. It felt so good that it wasn’t long before she was right on the edge of an intense orgasm. She thrust one hand between her legs and started rubbing away at her clit to help bring it along. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Tina cried as Dennis worked her insides with his enormous cock while she worked her clit with her fingers. “I’m gonna cum, I’m gonna fucking cum!” And cum she did, her body stiffening for a moment before releasing in a rush, her legs nearly buckling as Dennis continued hammering away at her pussy, only slowing down once her orgasm had passed. “I want to taste your fucking cock,” Tina said, looking back at him. “What was that?” “I want to lick my pussy juices off your cock,” she said. “Beg for it,” Dennis said, flashing her a little grin. “Please,” Tina said, changing the tone of her voice per his request. “Please let me taste my pussy juices off of your hard, enormous cock.” Laughing softly, Dennis shook his head in amazement. “How can I deny a request like that?” he asked. He took two steps back, slipping his cock out of Tina’s pussy. She turned around and dropped to her knees and opened her mouth wide and slid his cock inside of it. Tina went to town on it, sucking her juices off Dennis’s cock with reckless abandon, taking as much of it into her mouth as she could and holding it there, halfway down her throat, for a full ten seconds before pulling off. “Holy fucking shit,” Dennis said, smiling down at her. “That was awesome.” Tina winked at him then starting licking his cock with her tongue, running it up and down his shaft, completely cleaning his cock of her pussy juices while she maintained eye contact the entire time. “That feels fucking incredible,” Dennis said as she finished cleaning his cock. “That’s the idea,” Tina said, flicking her tongue up against the tip of his cock a couple of times. “How about we finish this up and go back inside for a bit,” she said. “Already?” Dennis said. “I’m having too much fun to end now.” “Not for good,” she said, still jerking him off while she talked. “Just a capper on the appetizer. Then we’ll head back inside and hang out for a while before going back to my place to get real freaky later tonight.” “That sounds like a great plan,” he said. “I think so too,” Tina said. She grabbed ahold of his ballsack and gave it a squeeze and ran her tongue along the underside of his shaft, eliciting a little shiver of intense pleasure from Dennis. “And when you cum, make sure you cum in my mouth,” she added. “That way I won’t have to get cleaned up before going back inside.” Dennis laughed. “If you insist,” he said. “I do,” Tina said, smiling up at him. “I do.” And with that, she went back to work on his cock, sliding it into her mouth and sucking on it with more aggression than she had at any other time all night while simultaneously working his balls more intensely than ever before. “Goddamn that feels so fucking good,” Dennis said. “That’s the idea,” Tina said, pulling her mouth off his cock for a moment before diving right back in. She went back to work on his cock and balls, bobbing her head as quickly as possible, wet, gagging sounds coming from her mouth and saliva dripping down her chin. Her hand was cupping Dennis’s balls and pulling down on them, heightening the pleasure for him and bringing him ever closer to orgasm. Tina could feel Dennis tensing up, bringing him right to the edge of cumming, so she upped the ante even further, forcing her head forward until she was all but deepthroating him. She held his cock there, deep in her throat, unable to breathe but loving every second of it. His member completely filled her mouth, the tip pushing against the back of her throat. Tina could tell he was about to cum but she didn’t have much more time before she needed to breathe. She wanted to finish him off first, so she squeezed his balls even tighter and pressed her head forward even further, until her nose was pressing up against his stomach. That last little bit did the trick. “Shit, shit, shit,” Dennis said under his breath. “Here I cum, baby, here I fucking cum.” Tina yanked her head off his cock and quickly caught her breath while continuing to jerk him off and play with his balls. A few seconds later, Dennis’s body tensed up in preparation for orgasm. Tina opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the tip of his cock and began to milk him with her tongue and hands. After working him for another ten seconds, a massive stream of white sperm shot from Dennis’s cock and directly into Tina’s mouth. It was a huge load, catching her off-guard, but she quickly recovered, which was a good thing because there were plenty more where that one came from. Five more, in fact, each nearly as big as the one before. By the time Dennis was done cumming, Tina’s mouth was completely filled with his sperm, almost to the point of overflowing. With her mouth open, showing Dennis how large a reservoir of cum he’d created, she gave him a wink, then tilted her chin up and swallowed his entire load down in one gulp. “Holy fucking shit,” Dennis said, smiling as he looked down at her. “Nobody’s ever been able to do that before.” “Which part?” Tina said. “Deepthroat you or swallow your whole load?” “Either one,” he said. “Let alone both in one night.” “I wasn’t sure I’d be able to either,” Tina said, climbing to her feet and putting herself back together. “But now that I’ve done both, I can’t wait to see what else I can do.” “Neither can I,” Dennis said, stuffing his cock back into his pants and zipping them up. “Neither can I.” He opened the door and held it for Tina. After she re-entered the building, Dennis did too, both of them anxious to say their goodbyes to their friends and head back to his place for round two. 