I am already in the hotel bedroom when you arrive. I got there in the afternoon knowing that you would be coming straight from work so I had a little time to prepare for you. I had already texted you the room number so you came straight up and knocked on the door and I let you in. You were surprised to see me in one of the hotel’s towelling robes, and as you come in I pull you to me, holding you tight against my body as we kiss. Gentle at first becoming more and more passionate as our lips and tongues tease each other, my hand on your bum over your suit skirt, pulling you against me letting you feel my hardness under the robe as your thigh slides between mine. I help you out of your jacket and unbutton your blouse, my hand moving to the zip on the back of your skirt, you feeling it loosen and wriggling your hips to help it on its way to the floor. It is soon joined by your blouse. Standing only in your underwear and heels, our tongues frantically twist and wrap round each others as we kiss deeper and harder … then I pull back and push open the door of the bathroom. You look inside and see the bath filled to the brim with bubbles, some strategically placed candles and an ice bucket with a bottle of wine … and beside it one glass already poured. You look at me and ask why only one glass and I tell you that I thought you might need some time to relax on your own, so you should have a nice long soak in the bath on your own while I finish off preparing the bed for you … You look a little disappointed that I won’t be joining you but I give you one long kiss on the back of your neck and tell you to take as long as you want, giving you a pat on your bum as you go in. I leave the door open and watch as you finish undressing. Knowing I am watching you, you face me as you take off your bra, keeping eye contact as your reveal your breasts to me, giggling a little as you tease your nipples before turning round and wiggling your bum as you slide your panties down … making sure that you bend right forwards to slip them off your feet rather than just stepping out of them … knowing that you will be giving me a spectacular view of your pussy and bum from behind. You climb into the bath and take a sip of your wine as the hot water and bubbles engulf your body … a little yellow duck bobbing in the water in front of you. I smile and blow you a kiss before disappearing from the open doorway … you just hear my voice shouting back … telling you to be nice to the duck. You smile to yourself as you take another sip of the cold wine. Your glass is needing a top up so you take the bottle out of the ice bucket but as you pour, some iced water drips off the bottle onto your breast making you gasp, but you move your position slightly so that your nipple is now clear of the water and let the next drip fall directly onto it … your head falling back as you try to muffle your small groan as your nipple responds to the icy water. The yellow duck is bobbing about in the water and you realise that it seems to be moving on its own accord. Curious, you pick it up and understand now … it is vibrating … a tiny floating vibrator shaped like a duck. “Thanks for the duck” you call out, and you hear me laughing through in the bedroom, then shouting back “Be gentle with it … it’s only small”. You start to tease your nipples with it, the sensations starting off a reaction that spreads down into your pelvis. You try to open your knees more but the hotel bath is a bit narrow, so you lift your outside foot and drape it over the edge of the bath so you can tease yourself with the duck … rubbing it slowly up and down your pussy until you hold it buzzing over your clitoris. Your lips already parting on their own, you use two fingers to help, opening yourself a little more to give better access to your little pink bud. As the feelings in your pelvis start to build you can’t believe it when you hear me shout through that I am ready for you in the bedroom … almost as if I know the point you had got to. Reluctantly you put the duck back in the water and climb out, drying yourself on the only towel there then wrapping it round you just above your breasts … just long enough to cover your bum. You bring the ice bucket and bottle with you as you come through to the bedroom unsure of what you will find. You break into a smile, the bed is covered in white fluffy towels and as you put down the wine I ask you if you are ready for your massage. You answer me by letting your towel fall to the floor and squeezing past me to the bed naked before lying down on your front on the bed. You realise that under the towels are some pillows piled up and you move yourself till they are under your belly and hips, your bum raised slightly now and you know the view I will have as you open your legs a little so I can see the smooth lips of your pussy, already open and moist. “I see you enjoyed ducky” I say, and you just wriggle your bum and whisper for me to “hurry up!!” I start at your shoulders and you feel me spread oil on your moist skin, and as my thumbs start to work in the muscles at your shoulder blades I feel you relax into the bed. “Mmmm that oil smells nice,” you say. and I tell you that it is coconut oil and has some interesting properties as well as smelling and tasting good. My hands move down your back massaging either side of your spine down to the small of your back where your bum starts, then sliding up the sides of your body, my fingertips just curling round you enough that they brush the sides of your breasts as the bulge out as you lie on them. I keep this up until I can sense your breathing changing. I move down to your legs, running my oily hands up the back of your thighs. As I do, you move your hips and part your thighs more, giving me a close-up view of your pussy from behind. The room has gone very quiet, only the sound of our breathing breaking the silence and knowing how you like it, I start to tease you now, spreading the oil with my fingers at the top of your thighs, along the crease where your bum cheeks start and sliding back and forwards along the inside of your open thighs only millimetres away from your hot open pussy. Then finally I spread the oil on your bum cheeks. You feel some running down between them and you gasp as I pull your cheeks apart and watch as the oil dribbles down and gathers in your tight puckered little entrance. I blow on you there, knowing that you would love me to touch you or lick you there, but knowing if I did that I wouldn’t get a chance to complete my massage … so I tell you to roll over. You tell me that I’m a terrible tease but you do it anyway, being much more wanton now … lying with your bum on the pillows, your legs wide apart and your arms stretched above your head. I show you the tub of oil I am using. Coconut oil is solid at room temperature so as I scoop it out with my fingers it looks like the inside of a Bounty bar. I place a dollop of it on each or your nipples and tell you to watch. As it starts to react to your body heat, it starts to melt, turning to clear oil … little rivers running down from your hard nipples. “It tastes good too,” I tell you, and to prove it I start to lick your left nipple before fastening my mouth over it … licking, sucking and gently nibbling as you run your fingers through my hair. My fingers are massaging your breasts, rubbing in the oil as I feel your nipple hardening in my mouth. You let out a little groan as I take my mouth away so I can lean down and pick something up off the floor. It’s a mirror … a magnifying mirror to be precise. I hold it at an angle so you can see, and place some of the semi-solid oil just above your clitoris. The way you are laying on the pillows means that your pussy is open and swollen, and we can both watch as the oil starts to melt and run down you onto your clit and then further down between your lips into your already wet pussy … As I hold the mirror, I use my other hand to circle your clit as you watch … teasing it and you by not quite touching it, then finally rubbing my finger over it in the slippery oil, gripping it gently between my finger and thumb and squeezing it gently. As you continue watching in the mirror, I use two fingers to hold your lips wide apart so we can both see the oil mixing with your own juices inside you. Then, I slide two fingers just inside you, pressing them upwards against the front wall of your pussy and making your clit move by pressing the base of it from inside. I put the mirror down and lower my head to you, licking your clit before taking it into my mouth as I had done with your nipple … sucking it and nibbling on it as your pussy grips then releases my fingers inside you … your fingers are in my hair … guiding my mouth as you move your hips in a circular motion, using my mouth to give you pleasure. But then suddenly you pull my hair hard, making my body twist, the sudden change of balance forcing me onto my back as you climb on top of me. You squat above my head facing my feet … the combination of the oil and your juices dripping onto my face, and as I look through under your wide open thighs I watch as you fingers curl round my cock. You take some coconut oil and put it on the head of my cock, watching the white blob as it melts. Then you pull the skin back, spreading the oil all over the purple head before closing your mouth over it. The feeling of your lips, teeth and tongue are incredible, but then you put your hand into the ice bucket and bring it out dripping with icy water and you grab the base of my cock with your freezing fingers as your hot mouth sucks and licks the head …. and that’s the last I see as you start to grind your pussy on my face, sliding back and forwards on my mouth and nose … my tongue probing both pussy and bum hole as you slip and slide over me, a gasp coming from you every time your clit presses on my nose. Then just as suddenly you stop, turn around and are kneeling over my cock. You tease me for a few seconds by rubbing your clit against the glistening head of my cock, but quickly lower yourself onto me, your lips parting then closing round me before you start to ride me hard. You grip my wrists and use me as support as you lean back, arching your body as my cock slides in and out of you … your hips rotating as you do so that I am really screwing you … or more accurately, you are screwing me. Then I feel you grip me inside. You are biting your lip, starting to cum. I thrust up into you … pushing hard … lifting us off the bed and finally we cum … my cock spurting up into your pussy as it pulses with your own climax … my cock bathed in your hot juice, oil and cum. You collapse on top of me, your thighs round mine and we lay for a while getting our breath back. This progresses as we start to gently kiss and caress each other, fingertips lightly searching, teasing and probing. After a few minutes you start to work your way down my body with your mouth and finally I feel you take me into your mouth. As you suck my soft swollen cock, tasting both our cum, you slowly feel it swell and harden in your mouth. You pull the skin back and gently wank me and our eyes meet as you watch me watching your tongue and lips bring me back to life. You take your mouth away, your lips coated in my cum and you smile up at me before saying “I want you in my bum … now!” I tell you to turn round and you kneel with your knees wide apart, your breasts and face pressed into the bed making your body one long curve up from your shoulders to your bum cheeks, rotating your hips out towards me … waiting. Your bum cheeks are already parted enough for me to see the tight puckered entrance, but I use my hands to pull your cheeks wider, exposing you completely. You shudder as you feel me put a large lump of the coconut oil in my finger and rub it found and round your bum hole and then scrape my fingernail gently round and round your tight entrance, but the shudder turns into a long soft groan as you feel my tongue take the place of my finger and I lick round and round the tight dark opening. You feel the pressure from my tongue increase as it starts to press inside you. You tighten and relax your muscles, trying to get my probing tongue in deeper, and finally you feel it slip inside, moving slowly inside you. You moan as you feel my tongue explore your bum but then you whisper, “Now! … Fuck me there NOW!!” I pull back, then you feel my hard thick cock sliding between your pussy lips … you are just about to tell me that its not there that you want it when you realise that I am just getting my cock head covered in your juice to help it slip inside you. Using one hand still to hold your cheeks wide, I guide my cock into you with my other, pressing the head against your tight ring, sensing your body contractions as your muscles relax again and then pushing the whole head inside your bum. You are so very tight … I don’t move for a few seconds, and then I grip your hips. Rocking you slightly so that my cock starts slow fucking movements as you move back and forwards on me. You start to move on your own now, each rock getting slightly bigger, allowing you to take me in at your own speed … inch by inch … until suddenly you push back so hard I am right up inside you … “Fuck me hard now!” you shout, and I don’t need telling twice, running my hand up your back to grab your hair, using it to control your movements as I fuck you harder and faster. My other hand slides under you to find your nipples, squeezing, pinching and stretching them as you push back against my every stroke. Then I slide my hand down from your breasts, finding your clitoris and dripping pussy. Three fingers sliding in so easily as I finger-fuck you while ramming my cock hard into your bum. My thumb rubbing hard on your clit, I feel you start to cum again, and as your muscles tighten round me I can’t stop either, my cock jerking and pumping in your tight ass as your pussy grips my fingers … floods of your juice running down over my hand … I pull out … your bum hole gaping for a few seconds and I can see my cum lying inside you as your body shakes. I lie down on the bed and tell you to kneel above my face, and as you do I watch as you slide your finger into your bumhole, bringing it out covered in my cum. You start to suck your finger just as you feel my tongue entering you again … to clean you out. 