Sometimes it’s like chrome. Sleek and shiny on the surface. When you see it, without really looking, you don’t notice the nickel underneath the plate is silver. All you take in is the gleam. It was like that with Wendy. If I’d seen her in a club or a bar, her sparkle would probably have faded into the nightlife background. As it was, it was am in the morning, on a Thursday. I’m not usually awake this early, but my insomnia makes an appearance in quarterly bouts, and so, yes; I was having trouble sleeping. I was feeling up the day-old bread when she turned the corner of the candy isle and came to stand close to me. Too close, I thought, to merely be inspecting the dough. She wore a black DKNY dress and something sparkled around her neck. In the harsh lights of the -Eleven she looked hyper real. She looked at me. ‘White or brown?’ ‘Not sure myself. They’re not fresh.’ She inspected the loaves. ‘I have to eat. Which would you take?’ That was pretty much the last coherent thing she asked me. It might have been a simple request for me to help her with an easy choice, but her eyes were looking me over like I was steak. Her red SLK was parked out front. She was probably a good eight or ten years older than me. Her apartment was beachfront slick. High walls, infra-red and glass everywhere. Wendy was one of those women who could bring the fuck out in you simply by being too close. I let her take me home because of exactly that. She’d asked me about bread and all I could think about was her nipples in my mouth. I forgot to lock my car before we left the -Eleven. Inside, her house was shiny too. Kitchen-chromed, wood polished and heavy furniture. It was all very butch. I sensed testosterone. ‘Don’t worry,’ she said from the opposite end of the kitchen. ‘He’s away on business. Your bourbon. Drink.’ We fucked in her bed. Neither of us were very verbal, but when she wrapped those long gorgeous legs around my waist and in due course begged me not to stop, I crashed and called her something dirty. We had sex in her kitchen again before I left. She was getting something to drink and I surprised her from behind. She spilt milk on the floor. Wendy was sleek, but ultimately cold. Maybe it was because it was July, and the middle of winter. God help me. Have you ever felt so hard that it seemed your insides would supernova at the sound of her voice? Implode with too much of everything? When you accidentally brush against her skin in the kitchen as she takes the soda bottle from your hand, or laughs at one of your clever jokes? When I was seventeen the world could either end or begin with a kiss. Shawn moved in next door with her parents and one older brother when I was fifteen. She had careless hair and eyes like burnished wood. A lackadaisical attitude and a crooked smile that made you want to act criminal. The attraction was there from the very first day. I helped her carry a box of vinyl records from the moving van up to her room on the second floor. It was spring. Fresh. Two years later, after the vinyl. Shawn and I were draped on my mother’s couch, playing some manhandled version of our own private charades when something happened. A fumble. A suppressed exploit. What I remember next was the chilly feel of the lemonade bottle in my hand, trying not to drop it on the carpet and my eyes closed; Shawn’s mouth on mine and her hair smelling of apricots. She smelled like a girl on the verge of becoming something else. Her smell was like my own. Somehow I must have set down the bottle of soda. We were lying down on the couch, Shawn on top and never in my wildest dreams could I have imaged that a lanky girl like her could feel so heavy. Our lust scared and excited in equal measure. We lay on that couch kissing for what felt like days, weeks. Sometimes, especially when I had to speak in front of people, my tongue felt alien in my own mouth. When Shawn kissed me there was nothing foreign; nothing that could make me hide from myself. We kissed and fumbled a summer, autumn and winter away; in my bedroom, in hers, at the top of the stairs with her mother watching Oprah in the living room and the sound turned up high. I took her virginity in the backseat of her brother’s Volvo. I had no idea she was that inexperienced. That’s how I will always remember spring. The warmth of the butterfly-sun on Shawn’s back as I ran my hand up her shirt, cornered away in the backyard and the balm of the evening air as our breath fogged up the backseat windows. We were kids back then. But we were kids on the verge of something bigger. The first time we made love I knew part of me would cling to her forever. I’d hoped that the opposite would also be true. I was a struggling writer masquerading as an author of worth. I first saw her in the library. She was checking out a copy of Arabian Nights which I found to be such a literary turn-on that the rest of me was immediately piqued as well. I chatted her up with the help of my best opening line. It must have been good, because she laughed. She was impressed by my knowledge of Persia and the Sassanid Queen. Her name was Sarah. Like Scheherazade, but different. Sarah was deeply sensual. God, she took her time when we had sex. She had a way of slowing me down when I threatened to take the heat between us and run. She could build it up by making me relax, making me feel every moment. Sarah had a thing. She liked licking the faint trail of sweat from my back that would inevitably rise there. She’d coat her tongue with the salty tang and turn me around for a kiss, letting me taste myself. I kept telling her that it wasn’t all me. That I’d mixed with her tongue and her lips and the inside of her mouth imbued with her breath. Sometimes she reminded me of Shawn. Moments of suavity, riddled with unexpected vulnerability. Sarah also frightened me. She made me want to be someone I wasn’t. Someone I didn’t think was a part of me. That’s why I cheated on her. Because I was a coward and didn’t want to face up to the person I could be. It was perverse. I brought home a mirror-image of myself. Butch dyke. Shitkicker boots and a hard-on that never let up. We were fucking in the hallway when I saw Sarah. We hadn’t heard her come in. She was supposed to be in Detroit for the week-end. She just looked at me. Whatever-her-name-was had her face turned to the wall and didn’t see anything. Her grunts filled the tight morning air. I didn’t stop. For me to not be hurt I had to be colder. I haven’t seen Sarah since. I doubt whether even the smallest piece of me remains remotely close to her. The same cannot be said of her influence over me. Live and learn. It’s true. You can’t live and not pick up something useful; if so, you’re doing it wrong. Trust me. The bad news is that, even when you learn, that doesn’t mean you won’t repeat the same mistakes again. And probably more than once. It’s winter again. We’ll see what happens. 