It was December the nineteenth, the Feast of Saturnalia, but Tullus Octavius was helping to fortify the boundaries of the Roman Empire against barbarians. Back in the capital it was a time of licence, when a carnival atmosphere would prevail with excess of feasting, drinking and sexual pleasure. But most of all it was a time when the natural order of things was reversed: masters became slaves and slaves became masters. Tullus’s wife, Claudia, knew what would befall her as mistress of the house. While her husband was there to protect her, Claudia had never minded the boisterous antics that the slaves got up to, taking it all in good part. She had watched her husband go through the rituals many times, but this time she would have to manage alone. There would be much horseplay and mockery, but she was confident that the slaves would not go too far out of respect for her. As the winter evening drew in, the whole household was assembled in the hall for the lottery to take place. Claudia sat with her son, Gaius, and daughter, Virginia, on a dais but soon she would have to give up her seat to one lucky slave. She held a bag containing many white beans and just one black bean. Each slave must draw a bean. The one who drew the black bean would be crowned king and his word would become law in the household, his temporary power usurping that of master or mistress. As the fourteen slaves filed past to take their chance Claudia smiled at each and mostly they returned roguish grins, already savouring the pranks to come. But then came the turn of Darius, the Persian, and Claudia felt her heart race with unexpected fear. What if this man should draw the black bean, what then? The prospect filled her with dread. He drew near and his dark eyes met hers. They bore a sardonic expression, as if he knew exactly what was going through her mind, knew how devastated she would be if he became the one with power over her, the one whose bidding she must obey without question, the Lord of Misrule. Of all the slaves his nature was the most proud and rebellious, and on several occasions Claudia had found it necessary to have him whipped. Once, she had even given him six strokes of the birch herself. It had happened when she caught him in the bedroom of her daughter, Virginia, who was thirteen years old. No male slave was allowed in her quarters, and although he had sworn that he had only entered at the young lady’s request to remove a poisonous snake from her room Claudia had felt it necessary to punish him. Virginia was young and vulnerable, promised to a Roman senator of good family and due to wed him in a year’s time. However, if there was any question about her purity the alliance would not take place. Darius, on the other hand, was a male stud of extraordinary strength and beauty, who was known to have sired several children while he worked as an attendant at the public baths. Virginia’s reputation was not safe while he felt free to enter her room on such a pretext, so he had to be prevented from doing so ever again. Claudia had not been able to call upon Tullus to administer punishment since he was away from home, so she’d decided to make an example of him herself. After assembling the entire household in the courtyard, she had forced him to strip and be tied up by a fellow slave. Seeing his magnificent body fully exposed she had felt an unexpected heat in her loins, but she had remained in control of herself and delivered the strokes with a steady hand. He had not once flinched from the rod. Lashed to the whipping post, his muscled back and shoulders had taken the worst of the beating, but she had struck him across the buttocks once, the taut globes marked by a red stripe that made her feel somewhat ashamed of what she had done. When the other slave untied him at the end of the chastisement, Claudia had given an involuntary gasp. She couldn’t help noticing that he had a full erection. His penis was large and well formed, the huge balls hanging heavily beneath, and after catching his eye Claudia had blushed deeply. An amused smile had flitted across his face, giving her the extraordinary impression that it was she who had received the public shaming, not him. The memory of that moment returned to haunt her now as she saw that same sardonic smile on his darkly handsome face. There were not many beans left in the bag so the odds were shortened. Claudia held her breath as he plunged his hand in, making its cord tug at her wrist, and her heart fluttered wildly like a bird caught in a net. Slowly he drew out his chosen bean and held it up for all to see. Claudia’s heart plummeted, now more like a bird brought to earth with a slingshot. He had the black bean. He would be crowned King of the Saturnalia. His word would be law in the Octavian household. A dreadful panic seized her and she wanted to cry out, “No, not him! Anyone but him!” But the entire company of slaves was cheering and shouting with glee and Claudia knew that there was nothing she could do to change Fate. Slowly she stepped down from the dais with her two children, allowing him to take her seat and be crowned king. She watched nervously as the gaudy crown was placed on his head, a red cloak draped around his shoulders and a makeshift sceptre placed in his hand. “All hail!” cried the slaves in unison. “All hail to King Saturn, the Lord of Misrule!” They turned aggressively on Claudia and her children, forcing them to kneel before their new “master”. Normally she would have done this with good grace, laughing as if at a comic play, but this time it felt different. The slave’s dark eyes were boring into her with fierce intensity, making her feel decidedly uncomfortable. She held the hands of Gaius and Virginia tightly as they knelt in mock fealty beside her. “What is your will, your majesty?” cried the crowd, full of jocular spirit. Darius got to his feet, drawing himself up to his full majestic height. “Let there be feasting!” he declared. “And may the lady of the house and her two offspring wait upon us with due humility. Today the slaves rule, and those who were once set above us must now bow to our command!” So far, so good, Claudia thought. This was the custom, and only to be expected. She led the children to the kitchen where they were to collect the bowls of ready-prepared food and carry them into the dining hall. Both Gaius and Virginia thought it all a huge joke. They looked forward to this time and playing the role of humble slave with exaggerated manners. At first the evening went as expected. Claudia was kept busy rushing from slave to slave, serving food and wine, while there were many ribald jokes of a kind that they would never have dared to make while the master was in charge. As the wine flowed free, some even dared to suggest that “while the master was away the mistress might play”. They began teasing her, suggesting that she might be having an affair with the oldest and ugliest of the slaves. Claudia tried to take it in good part but she was aware of Darius’s gaze upon her the whole while, watching her with an arrogant grin on his face that made her blood run cold. She was sure that he had some scheme up his sleeve, some act of vengeance that would give him satisfaction for the way she had publicly humiliated him. To make matters worse, whenever Virginia came near he would reach out for her, grabbing her by the arm and pulling her towards him, trying to get her to promise to marry him instead of Quintus Publius. She giggled, thinking it a huge joke, but Claudia knew what was behind it and her anxiety increased. Maybe she should insist on her daughter spending the night on a couch in her room, just to be on the safe side. She didn’t trust Darius at the best of times, and now he was even more dangerous. The revels grew even more loud and bawdy, with some of the slaves daring to paw at Claudia herself. She tried her best to enter into the spirit of things, to slap them down with a wry comment, but her heart wasn’t in it. If only someone else had drawn the black bean, she couldn’t help thinking, but it was no use. What couldn’t be cured must be endured. “The King rises!” someone shouted. Everyone looked towards the high table, where Darius was waiting for silence. “Honoured guests and humble slaves,” he began, nodding first to the slaves then to Claudia and her children. Everyone hooted with laughter. “I think it is time for some entertainment. Shall we invite the lovely Claudia to dance for us?” Claudia froze with horror. It would be such an indignity for a high-born Roman matron to behave like a common dancing girl, but the slaves were responding enthusiastically, clapping and encouraging her, so she could hardly refuse. To decline to carry out an order at Saturnalia was considered an affront to the upstart slaves, and if things got out of hand they could insist that she be punished. She would not give Darius that excuse. “Very well,” she replied, forcing a smile. “You are not dressed for dancing,” the “King” commented. “Sofia, take the slave away and find herself something more fitting to wear.” The girl came up with a broad grin, evidently delighted at the chance to deck her mistress out in something quite inappropriate to her real station in life. As they walked towards the slave quarters Claudia pleaded, “Do not make me look a laughing stock, I beg of you.” But Sofia, who had suffered many harsh criticisms from her mistress, only grinned. “Take off your stola and palla,” she told her, the minute they were in the room she shared with three other slaves. “I have something in mind that might do.” Claudia removed her fine embroidered robe and silk shawl with great reluctance. When she stood in just her breastband and loincloth the girl looked at her critically. “I think you should remove them too,” she said. “Men like to glimpse a woman’s figure when she’s dancing.” Claudia was secretly horrified but to protest would be to risk exposure before the entire company of slaves. She wondered what Tullus would say when he returned if he discovered that his wife had been shamed or punished for being a spoilsport. He would never understand her feelings and, relying on hearsay, would be obliged to think the worst of his wife. “Very well,” she murmured. “Say, ‘Very well, mistress!’ or I shall slap you!” Sofia insisted. Knowing the girl would not hesitate to deliver what she threatened, Claudia did as she was told and then stripped naked. Sofia gazed at her body with frank curiosity, noting every blemish, every wrinkle. Claudia felt like a slave at a street-corner auction, and her shame deepened. “Now put this on.” Sofia handed her a mere scrap of a garment in gauzy purple silk. When Claudia held it up and examined it she laughed in scorn. “I can’t possibly wear this. It would show everything I’ve got!” “Perfect – for a dancing girl!” Sofia said, smugly. “Are you going to be difficult? Because if you are, I . . .” “No, no!” Claudia said hastily, pulling the shift over her head. It hung from her shoulders in loose folds, leaving her arms and legs bare. The proud tips of her nipples were clearly visible beneath its diaphanous sheen, as was her dark bush, and the material clung to the globes of her breasts and buttocks with soft sensuality, making Claudia painfully aware of the contours of her body. Every slave would be gaping lewdly at her in that attire. “Give me something else to wear!” she pleaded.” Or at least a shawl, for modesty’s sake.” “You would not be able to move freely in anything else. Come, they are waiting for the performance to begin.” Sofia seized her hand and pulled her towards the door. There was a raucous noise coming from the hall, and another fear seized her. “Please, let the children retire!” she begged. “They must not see me debasing myself like this.” The girl hesitated then, to Claudia’s relief, nodded her consent. She went ahead to have the children dispatched to their rooms and, when the coast was clear, announced that the dancing would begin. Claudia had no idea how to dance in the suggestive manner of hetaerae but now that she was faced with the ordeal she decided to do her best. Four slaves who could play instruments struck up on the flute, cymbals, lyre and tambourine. Lifting her arms and wiggling her hips, Claudia started on what she hoped would be seen as a parody of such entertainment. The slaves gawped at her and Darius leered above them all, his black eyes taking in every curve and detail of her body. At first Claudia felt exposed and ashamed, but as the dance proceeded she found herself growing defiant. She was enjoying the freedom of movement that the floating tunic was giving her, relishing the admiring glances she was getting from the assembled crowd. Far from proving an ordeal, the dancing was filling her with an erotic energy that encouraged her to shake her breasts and move her hips with sensual exhibitionism. The slaves were on heat, she could feel their hot breath fanning her body and smell the subtle scent of male arousal. The usual propriety that prevented a slave from regarding his mistress lecherously no longer applied, and they were staring at her with undisguised lust. Then one of the men, fired with strong wine, leapt up and began mimicking her movements behind her back in a grotesque parody. The man tugged at her skimpy costume and managed to pull down one of the sleeves, exposing her breast right down to the nipple. Claudia stopped in shock and tugged it back, but the man clumsily tried to kiss her. The audience roared. Claudia felt her cheeks grow red with embarrassment, and when Darius leapt to his feet and shouted, “Enough!” she was overwhelmed with relief. But her relief was short-lived. No sooner had the musicians stopped playing than Darius got down from his exalted position and strode towards her, his face dark with fury. “Evil temptress!” he snarled. “You have teased my men beyond endurance with your obscene dancing. Go to your room, at once!” Claudia had never been spoken to like that in her life before, and his venomous tone horrified her. She scampered from the room like a frightened rabbit, wishing she had never agreed to dance. Remembering just how sensual and abandoned her dancing had been she felt even worse, her heart making painful thuds inside her chest as if it were hammering to be released. She fled down the corridor to her room where she tore off the revealing garment and pulled on her own robe, intending to go straight to bed. “What will Tullus think, if he hears of this?” she wondered, knowing very well how angry he would be if he thought his wife had disgraced herself before the slaves. Things had gone too far that night, she was sure of that, and it was all because that Darius had won the lottery, provoking her into behaving in ways she would never have dreamed of before. The sound of heavy footsteps was heard in the corridor outside and Claudia shrank beneath the bedclothes, praying that they would pass by her room. But the door was suddenly flung open and Darius appeared, his eyes flashing like hot coals at her in the lamplight. He slammed the door behind him and she noticed, with the utmost dismay, that he was wearing a short-handled whip in the leather belt around his tunic. “So you thought to hide from me in your sanctuary!” he sneered. “Well, I have not finished with you yet. Come here, slave, and kneel before me! I, your King and Master, command you!” This was no longer a game. Claudia knew that the moment of reckoning for the way she had disciplined Darius in the past had now come, and she was terrified. But there was to be no escape. When she hesitated he strode across the space between them and flung aside the bedclothes with an oath. Claudia practically fell out of bed and onto her knees before him. She was trembling all over, the energy that she had worked up during the dance now transmuted into abject fear. He towered over her on his sturdy legs, a masculine scent of sweat and musk filling her nostrils as she crouched there in her white tunic wondering what he would do next. “Stand!” She rose painfully onto legs that would scarcely bear her weight, her knees half crumpling beneath her. The light in the slave’s eye was keen and mischievous, making the most of his newfound power to torment and intimidate his tyrannical mistress. He suddenly pulled out a knife and held it at her breast. Claudia froze, her eyes popping out and her breath stifled in her chest. A slow smile spread across the man’s features, his wide mouth opening to show unusually white teeth. Somehow she found his smile even more alarming than his frown. Her pulses were racing as adrenaline coursed through every vein in her body. “You are afraid of me?” he said, in hoarse whisper. “That’s good! Very good!” She felt the cold steel at her throat and closed her eyes, sending a silent prayer up to whatever god or goddess might be disposed to listen to her plight. The knife point travelled down her neck, right into the deep ravine of her bosom where it was inches from her heart. Claudia could not bear it. She longed to plead with him, to offer to perform any service he required providing only that he spared her life. Then there was a sudden ripping sound and the skimpy shift she was wearing tore apart. Darius had sliced down the front of the garment so that it fell into two halves, hanging uselessly off either arm. He chuckled softly, and she felt his warm breath on her bare skin, giving her goose bumps. “Now you know what it feels like to be a naked slave for any man to stare at, for the buyers to pick and choose,” he told her. She opened her eyes. Darius was standing back, surveying her with a sneer, but she could only see the length of rope that he held in his hand. Before she realized what he was going to do he’d tied it several times around her wrists, binding them strongly. The thrill that passed through her was like a brief orgasm, a shiver that hovered between fear and pleasure, the strangest feeling. I am completely at his mercy, she thought. He really has turned me into his slave. Instinctively she fell to her knees. Darius chuckled, looking down on her, his sturdy legs astride and his hands on his hips. In a flash Claudia understood how soul-destroying it must be for a noble creature like Darius to be enslaved. He was a fine figure of a man, intelligent and strong, yet he was deemed to be inferior to the meanest and stupidest of the Roman citizens. An accident of fate had cast him in the role of underling, but it was against nature. This man was born to rule, to command, to give praise and punishment according to his own lights. At the same time, Claudia felt a deep desire to be of service to him. This was the man she had beaten, tried to subdue, yet she had not succeeded in crushing his spirit. He remained spirited and free, a natural master forced, through circumstance, to be an unnatural slave. She deeply regretted the part she had played in humiliating such a noble soul. “What do you want of me?” she asked, humbly, her whole body thrilling to the nearness of him. She believed that he would not harm her, yet she held him in awe. His drew his whip out of his belt. Claudia shrank from him. She knew she would submit herself even to that for there would be some justice in it, but to her surprise he threw it away and unbuckled his belt. She felt a tide of apprehension cresting within her, suspense feeding her with fantasies that she hardly dared consider. What might a man of his virility and lustful inclinations do when he had a woman like her at his mercy? Still smiling, Darius flung the belt away and drew his tunic over his head. He wore no loincloth and his member reared before her like a beacon, huge and threatening. Claudia felt her womb leap at the sight of it and knew that she wanted to be taken by that rampant monster, forcefully if need be. It was alien to her, the phallus of a slave, and yet he was a man like her husband and might be forgiven for wanting to conquer her, his mistress. Uncertainly she held up her head, and their eyes met. There was a point of light deep in the black pools that glimmered for her, made her think he would be merciful. He grasped his cock at the root and waved it at her like a weapon. “See this!” he growled. “I want you to taste it, woman. I want you to lick and suck at it until my hot seed spills into your mouth as your husband’s seed has spilled into your cunt. Do it now, or it will be worse for you!” Claudia found she needed no coercing. Her head bent eagerly to the task and while she tasted the first seeping of his glans her fingers clutched at the heavy orbs beneath, tenderly cradling them. She took more of his organ into her mouth, licking first around the tip and then down the shaft, hearing his satisfied grunts as she abased herself with more enthusiasm. This is I, Claudia, wife of Tullus Octavius, giving tongue to a slave! she thought, marvelling at herself, and a deep shudder went through her secret places, filling her with untrammelled delight. She could feel herself growing reckless again, as she had whilst dancing, and her little button was throbbing with uncontrolled pleasure, leading her to suck and lick greedily at the man’s robust penis. She squeezed her thighs together rhythmically as she worked and her breasts felt taut and hot. Soon she was imagining him taking her, forcing his way into her with brutal passion. Her pussy ached to be filled with him, unimaginable desires seized her for experiences that she scarcely dreamed of. The autocratic slave had awakened her dormant libido and now she would do anything for him, anything! Hot and salty, his spurting juices filled her throat and made her gasp and choke, but still he thrust into her willing mouth and her body thrilled to the meaty solidity of his cock. He had opened her up, all the long channel from one set of lips to the other, and she was on fire with lusty fervour until she erupted with volcanic force. The spasms of her climax spread throughout her entire being, fiercer than the pangs of childbirth, sweeter than wine mixed with honey and perfumed with roses. Yet there was a dark edge to it that made her grunt and squirm, a feeling of total subjection to the will of a goatish demi-god. Torn apart by her emotions, Claudia scarcely noticed his exit. When she came to she was lying on the floor in the moonlight, shivering. She crawled into bed and fell into a fitful sleep. In the morning the Saturnalian revels were over, and the King had fled into voluntary exile. When the mistress of the house discovered this the other slaves were surprised by the strength of her response. “There was no need!” she wailed. “He was King for one night only. Today, order would have been restored and all misdeeds forgiven and forgotten!” But she had forgotten that, according to ancient tradition, the Lord of Misrule is ritually sacrificed after his brief time of licence. 