We were making out like a couple of police cadets, behind the billboard speedtrap on Highway , Rural Municipality of Foam Lake – finally. I’d been after the hunky rook ever since we’d been paired up together. But it’d taken me three long, hot and humid weeks to get the big stud where I wanted him – in my arms, tongues entwining. Then the call came through, the cruiser’s on-board computer beeping low-priority. Constable Donovan Steele extracted his tongue from my mouth and said, “We’d better roll, Tanner,” a spicy hint of the Islands in his deep voice. “Call me Vicky,” I breathed, massaging the muscleman’s taut buttocks through his RCMP-issue blues. I painted his thick lips with my tongue, grinding my pelvis into his monster erection. “We’ll follow up the call once we’re done here. No big rush.” He gripped my shoulders and shoved me back against a billboard pillar, held me there, all business now, his green eyes sparkling and his ebony skin shining, finefeatured face set. I’d trained the guy too damn well. “Duty calls,” he growled, turning and striding away. I watched his butt mounds tumble from side-to-side, my pussy pulsing with need. The cruiser roared to life, and I ran a damp hand over my sweaty face and sighed, jogged toward the car. Donovan punched the accelerator, spraying gravel, as soon as my butt cleared the doorframe. We fishtailed out from behind the ‘Repent And Ye Shall Be Saved’ sign and barrelled down the sun-blasted highway; two hungry cops cruising for trouble, smackdab in the middle of the hog-country Bible Belt of rural Saskatchewan. I scanned the text on the computer screen. Henry Hildebrande had filed a robbery complaint – two hundred of his pigs allegedly stolen. More hog-rustling. Three thousand porkers had gone missing in the past hotterthan-hell month, and the local farmers were raising a stink. We skidded to a stop in front of the two-storey chartreuse farmhouse that fronted the Hildebrande Hogs operation. Henry Hildebrande materialized from the dust cloud, led us back to the corrugated-steel collection of barns that housed his piggery. The ex-hippy turned swine plantation owner was decked out in a tie-dye T-shirt and a pair of plaid overalls, and a pork pie hat. “Two hundred of my fattest hogs – stolen!” he groused. He shoved back the pork pie, grey eyes a glassy concoction of many controlled substances. The whole operation smelled to high heaven in the cloudless, hundred degree heat. Donovan whipped out a pad and a pencil and a line of questioning, while I kept downwind, kept my eyes on the young women crowding the screen door of the farmhouse, watching us. “When did you first notice the hogs had gone missing?” Constable Steele asked. Hildebrande squinted up at my partner, fingering his grey knotted beard. “Seven this morning. When I sent one of the girls out to feed ’em.” Donovan nodded, jotted. I supervised, his superior by only six months (one graduating class). “Hear or see anything unusual?” “Nope.” “Anyone else?” “Nope.” “Any way to track the pigs – microchips, biometrics?” “You mean like cars got VIN’s – PIN’s?” He laughed, pulled off the pork pie and mopped his face with a Grateful Dead doo-rag. “You gotta be kiddin’ me. Some had ear tags, some didn’t. I got five thousand head of hog here.” “Notice any tyre tracks or footprints, debris or equipment left behind by whoever perpetrated the crime?” “Nope.” Donovan snapped the pad shut and pocketed the pencil, nodded. “We’ll get your hogs back, Mr. Hildebrande, don’t you worry. Mind if we take a look around?” Hildebrande shook his head. “Pigs tracking pigs,” he guffawed, then quickly added, “Stay outta the house and that green … er, organic barn back there.” He made tracks for the farmhouse, shooing the women back inside and latching the door. Donovan and I poked around the place, but we found nothing more than hoofprints and tyre tracks from Hildebrande’s pig hauler, the cut across the tread on one of the rear tires making it instantly recognizable. “It’s a tough one, Tanner,” the twenty-two-year-old rook commented, rubbing his dimpled chin and scanning the fallow fields that surrounded the hog plant. “It stinks, all right. Let’s get out of here,” I said. We made the rounds of the slaughterhouses, but there was nothing new there – no unusual shipments, unaccounted for spikes in volume, lost and/or forlornlooking pigs. We got a cup of coffee and a basket of fresh eggs from the Boss at the Hutterite Colony operation, but that’s all we got for our efforts. The temperature was rising, the scent of swine heavy in the air, but the trail of missing trotters was stone-cold. We parked alongside the highway on the outskirts of Tuffnell, mauling things over while we waited for the report from HQ on all known local-area thieves and their last known activities and whereabouts. With no other leads, it was the usual suspects routine. Maybe we’d get lucky, shake a pig out of a poke. “We could stake out some farms?” Donovan suggested. “Too many farms, too few cops,” I countered. “A sting operation? Buy some hogs on the black market maybe?” “There is no black market, only pink. The bearer of the pigskin entitled to the proceeds.” Donovan slammed his fist into his thigh. I reached over and rubbed the spot, kneading the heavy muscle of his quadriceps. Just one cop backing up another. Then the computer screen flashed our list of suspects, and it was a long one. I lifted my hand and Donovan fired up the cruiser. We rolled down the shimmering asphalt towards our first address. Until I spotted Two-four Tessio on a dusty secondary road, strolling along, shepherding a pig in front of him. We pulled off the pavement and onto the gravel, in behind Tessio and his four-legged pal, piled out of the cruiser and into the blazing sun. Two-four was a local-yokel career criminal, his nickname a testimony to his penchant for twenty-fourbottle cases of beer, which he invariably bought and drank in one sitting. He played both sides of the legal fence, busted and stooled an almost equal number of times. Brown-on-brown, he was built like the stubby precursor to today’s more elongated barley sandwich container. “Where’re you and your boyfriend headed?” I asked the pig. The twin rows of nipples pegged her as a breeder sow. Two-four eyed us nervously, laughed the same. It didn’t take much to get this guy spilling his guts, literally and figuratively. “I just this minute found her, officer – walkin’ ‘long the road all by herself, eh. I just stopped to make sure she didn’t get run over or nuthin’, you know.” Two-four’s rusted-out pickup was parked a hundred yards up the road, bed loaded with beer cases, tailgate hanging down like a tongue – thirsty for more cargo. “Oh, yeah? Rumour is you’ve been hitting the casino at Longquill pretty hard lately,” Donovan said, quoting from HQ’s report. “Where’d you get the money, man?” “Huh? What?” Two-four’s greasy face dripped more than heat-related sweat. Donovan stepped closer, looming big and mean and velvety-black and blue. My heart fluttered; Two-four’s stopped. “OK! OK!” he squealed, throwing his paws in the air. “I’m goin’ halfers on a grow-op at SW - - W. I –” “Hold it!” I barked. The sow was on the move, tip-toeing rapidly down the road, perhaps disgusted with her companion, perhaps showing us the way to more missing piggies. “In pursuit – south on Limit Road,” Donovan breathed into his shoulder-mounted two-way. We trailed after the pig, past Two-four’s rust-bucket and down the yellow dust road. And two sweat-soaked kilometres later, the bristly pink quadruped led us not to a secret sty full of stolen hogs, but rather to an abandoned garbage dump that hadn’t been fully bulldozed over. She buried her nose in the waller and went to town. I consoled my partner with a pat on the back, and the bum. He turned to me, equal parts frustration and lust in his glittering, green eyes – a combustible mixture, to be sure. Then the he-cop grabbed me in his arms and savagely kissed me. I knocked his hat off, kissed him back, rubbing his close-shaven head, swarming my tongue into his mouth. He grabbed my butt cheeks and squeezed, lifting me clear off the ground, our tongues fighting an erotic duel out there all in the open under the glaring sun. We greedily kissed, French and otherwise, rubbing hard up against one another. Then Donovan tore apart the Velcro straps that bound my body armour and flung the protective gear aside, ripped open my tunic, exposing my chest. I popped my bra open, baring my breasts, and he bent his stubbled head down and licked at one of my florid nipples, sucked on it. “Yes!” I moaned, the pig looking up from her snouting and sniffing the air. Donovan kneaded my ass with one hand, squeezed a tit with the other, feeding on my nipples. He flogged first one over-engorged toggle with his coral-pink tongue and then the other. I held onto the guy’s cinderblock shoulders and took it, loved it, revelling in the warm, wicked feel of his wet tongue and mouth, his heavy hands. But when he went for my belt, I had to back him off. “I know a place!” I gasped. “More private. Just a bit farther down the road.” He nodded, eyed the rooting pig. “Might as well, case is stalled anyway.” I reclothed, then drove hard and fast the kilometre up the road to Ben Kaski’s old farm. Ben’d been a mixed grain farmer who’d given up the land when prices went bust, gone into the booming, semi-illegal Internet pharmacy biz, moving offshore to Antigua. I led Donovan down the garden path and in behind the dilapidated barn. Then I shoved him onto his knees in the prairie tall grass, my body shaking with anticipation, the culmination of my cultivation of the raw and ready recruit. He performed like a pro, unnotching and unzipping me with his long, deft fingers, pulling my pants and panties down. He gazed at my springy wetness for a moment, inhaling the tangy, needful scent. Then he moved his head closer, kissed my most intimate lips. “Yes!” I groaned, slamming back against the weathered boards of the barn, my legs gone to rubber. Donovan dug his fingers into my slit and pulled me apart, licked at my pink. His head bobbing up and down and his jade eyes fixed on me, he lapped and lapped at my pussy with his roughened tongue. I went body electric, my head spinning like a gumball siren. He popped my clit up between his fingers and blew on it. But the big heat wasn’t putting out any fires; he was flaming them. “Suck it!” I hissed. He twirled his tongue all around my puffed-up button, setting me to shaking, before finally grinning and engulfing my nub with his lips. I clawed at the wood, blinking sweat from my eyes and staring wildly down at the Nubian god mouthing my treat. He sucked and sucked on my clit, slapped it around with his tongue. He reached up for my boobs, and I tore off my body armour and tunic and bra and threw them aside. He grabbed onto my hanging tits. I grabbed onto his hands on my tits, the contrast of gleaming ebony on slickened ivory stunning, the kneading and squeezing and nipple-rolling exquisite. My body temperature rocketed to the point at which pussy burns, my manhandled boobs tingling, my liplocked clit coursing with impending ecstasy. I was forced to shove the guy back. He tumbled onto his ass in the grass. “Strip!” I growled. He climbed to his feet and slowly disrobed, my hungry eyes following his every sensuous move. Until at last he stood in front of my heaving, dripping form in just his polished black boots and burnished black skin, his liquorice stick rising up in the breeze. I pulled my baton out of my discarded belt, its nightshaded length surpassing Constable Steele by only a shade. I lifted the man’s blue-black cap with the tip of the stick. He groaned, arms at his sides and back arched, cock straight out and jumping, as I bumped polished graphite back and forth on the veiny underside of his shaft, pressed club into his tightened balls. “You’re going to fuck me!” I told the rook, stroking cock with my nightstick. He blinked his eyes and wet his lips and nodded. I dropped the baton and sagged to the ground, onto my knees. I grabbed him, swirled my hand up and down the length of his pipe. He groaned, body jerking, cock surging in my hot little hand. I nipped at his hood, and he uttered an oath that had nothing at all to do with his duty to serve and protect. “Suck me, Tanner!” he hissed. “Vicky,” I reminded him, before taking his swollen hood in my mouth and sucking. He clutched at my hair, yanking my head forward, stuffing cock into my mouth. I clawed his ribbed stomach with one hand and tugged on his ball sack with the other, lips sliding back and forth on his shaft. He pumped his hips, fucking my mouth in rhythm to my sucking, a fast learner in every way. But the man-cop had a hair-trigger, and only a minute or so in he was already ready to empty his rod in my throat. He popped out of my mouth before he exploded, though, rumbled, “You wanted to be fucked?” I nodded up at him. Then I went down on all-fours, sticking my butt in the air like a female K in heat. And when he and his dangling cock were in the danger position behind me, I turned up the kink by saying, “Cuff me, motherfucker!” He didn’t ask questions, just pulled my arms behind my back and shackled me, eased me face-down into the grass. Then he whacked my trembling ass with his rubber hose of a cock, and I moaned something ludicrous like ‘police brutality’. He really laid on the lumber then, smacking my fleshy mounds one at a time with his noirstick. I pushed up higher into the air, begging the hardcase to beat me on the inside. “Here it comes, Vicky,” he rasped, sticking fingers into my pussy and pumping, priming. I shivered, hollered, “Fuck me!” His fingers pulled out and a bulbous head pushed in, parting my lips, spearing inside me. I chewed grass, his awesome shaft plunging into my pussy until balls kissed butt cheeks. We both groaned with satisfaction. Then Donovan started moving his powerful hips, a hand on my waist and a hand on the cuffs, rocking me forward and yanking me back, pistoning full-length in my puss. “Faster! Harder!” I cried, spitting dirt. He churned my slot over and over, cocking me with reckless, relentless abandon, his body smacking hard and wet against my shuddering bum. He drove me into the ground, my head into orbit, until finally I yelled, “Uncuff me!” desperate to come when he came. He fumbled the cuffs off my wrists and then went right back to pumping me, stretching my pink with his club. I grabbed at my clit and rubbed frantically, the both of us careening towards all-out release. “I’m gonna come!” he bellowed, brutally pounding my cunt. “Do it!” I bleated, polishing my button in a frenzy. My body locked and then spasmed, my pussy exploding with fiery orgasm, shimmering ecstasy all through me. Donovan slammed into me, grunting his own joy, pulsing warm, wonderful semen into my being. We jerked around in the throes of our mutual orgasms. And then, amidst all the grunting and groaning and gushing: oinking. Donovan collapsed over top of me, covering my wet, sizzling body with his. Still tremoring with orgasmic aftershocks, plugged together by pussy-embedded prick, we turned our weary heads and gazed at the pig. It was the same one we’d tracked on the road, judging from her dusty snout and body. She snuffed the sex-funked air and then turned curly tail and trotted off. We staggered to our feet and dragged on our uniforms, reconstituting ourselves as a Force and following after the rogue porker. She twinkle-toed into a clump of trees. And within those swaying birches and elms we found the drained pond that had once been the Kaski swimming hole. It was covered by a huge, patchwork tarp now. Beneath the tarp, rooting around on the dirt bottom of the shallow dugout: a herd of five hundred pigs or more. They looked up at us, squealing and squinting. We held our noses and laid the edge of the tarp back down. My partner pointed at the tire tracks that led to the edge of the makeshift holding pen. “I recognize the cut in those treads,” the big man in-uniform said, hands on his hips, justice on his lips. We booked Henry Hildebrande on a hog-rustling beef that night, the Lab having no trouble matching up the pig trailer prints on his property with the ones at the clandestine pig-pond. The hippy-dippy hog farmer cracked shortly thereafter, shedding tears and squealing woe. He needed money for his wives, he said – three ex’s and five current. And the RM wouldn’t give him the variance he needed to expand his piggery. So he’d gone hunting for cash on the hoof, wrangling hogs that weren’t his and filing a false rustling report to cover his cloven tracks. We all ended up with a headache, Hildebrande with a suspended sentence, Canadian justice being laxer than a girl’s pussy after a good Donovan-reaming. And the polygamy charges weren’t even considered, the Law being murkier on that touchy subject than an effluent lagoon. Constable Steele and I received commendations from the Commissioner, however; certificates of appreciation from the RM Council. And I gave Donovan a sparkling fitness report, back behind the old, abandoned barn where all our probing investigative work had climaxed in success.