It was just after 11PM on December 31st when Wendy Thompson saw Donna’s car pull into the parking lot of the apartment complex they shared. Wendy was on the front porch, listening to the sounds of The Mars Volta coming from her living room speakers, a pack of cigarettes on the table in front of her and an ice bucket with two bottles of Blue Moon by her feet. All around her were the sounds of partying, as multiple gatherings of drunken fools used the last day of the calendar year as an excuse to make as much noise as possible. Wendy lit a cigarette and sat there smoking as she watched Donna’s car pull into a spot near the rear of the lot. Donna climbed out, looking even hotter than usual (which was saying quite a bit) and started towards the entrance to the complex, which was right next to Wendy’s patio. Donna was all dolled-up, wearing a pair of high heels and a short green dress that showed off her perfect body—sculpted arms, large, firm breasts, incredible legs that just wouldn’t quit and a washboard stomach. Wendy noticed right away that Donna was walking with more urgency than usual, as though Donna was either in a hurry to get somewhere or pissed off. As Donna got closer, Wendy could see that Donna’s hair was a mussed up and her face was fixed in a scowl. Donna was pissed off, all right. That was certain. Wendy found himself wondering what had happened but knew she wouldn’t ask. While they had spoken a few times in the six months since Wendy had moved in, it wasn’t like they had anything even resembling a friendship. A couple of words in the laundry room, a nod in the hall, that sort of thing. Not enough to pry into Donna’s personal life as she passed by Wendy’s patio. Not by a long-shot. Hell, Wendy didn’t know if Donna even knew her name. But, as it turned out, Donna did know it. And not only that, but Donna made the first move, even though Wendy didn’t recognize it for what it was at the time. It wasn’t much really, just a glance in Wendy’s direction as Donna approached the entrance to Wendy’s left. A glance, followed by a longer look, then a question. “You’re Wendy, right?” Wendy nodded, ignoring the butterflies in her stomach. “I’m Donna.” “Yeah, I know.” Donna’s scowl softened into a shy little smile, as though she was flattered that Wendy knew who she was. “You got any more of those smokes?” Donna asked. “About half a pack,” Wendy replied. “You mind if I join you for a couple?” “Not at all,” Wendy said, trying to play it smooth despite the surprise and excitement coursing through her system. “Cool,” Donna said, climbing through the bushes towards Wendy’s patio. “I could really use something to help me unwind.” Donna made her way through the bushes and sat in the empty chair on the opposite side of Wendy’s little patio table. Wendy shook a cigarette out and handed it to Donna. Wendy flicked her lighter open, lit Donna’s cigarette and then Wendy’s own. Then Wendy grabbed the last two beers from the bucket, opened them, and offered Donna one. “Thanks,” Donna said. “My pleasure,” Wendy replied. Donna took a long pull of her beer and followed it up with a drag from the cigarette. Donna leaned her head back and made a circle with her lips and blew the smoke into the air. Wendy didn’t want to stare at Donna but found it exceedingly difficult not to. Donna was just so damn gorgeous, from her silky black hair to her big brown eyes to her petite little nose to her full lips and flawless skin. And from the way Donna held herself, it was obvious she didn’t mind being stared at; in fact she seemed to encourage it. Wendy was getting excited just from looking at Donna. Which was weird, because she normally wasn’t really all that into other girls. She liked dick too much. But she had made exceptions before and was sure she would again, especially if the opportunity arose with Donna. “I didn’t know you smoked,” Wendy said, trying to steer her mind out of the gutter. “I don’t,” Donna said. “Not often, at least. Only when things are going really bad.” “I take it tonight is one of those nights?” “It certainly is.” “Guy trouble?” “Something like that.” “You want to talk about it?” “Not particularly.” “Fair enough.” Donna took another drag, held it for a moment, then blew the smoke out. “So why aren’t you out and about tonight? You know, it being New Year’s Eve and all.” “It’s just not my thing,” Wendy said. “Don’t get me wrong, I like a good party as much as the next gal, but I just don’t get the whole holiday craze. To me, tonight is just another night. No different than any other.” “Well, that’s a shame,” Donna said. “I mean, here I was, all dressed up, looking to have some fun—” Donna finished the rest of her beer, set the bottle down and started to stand up. “But since you’re not interested, I guess I’ll just go back to my place and get my vibrator out.” Wendy nearly spit her beer all over the table. “Oh, did that get your attention?” Donna said, acting all innocent despite the look in her eyes that said she knew exactly what she was doing. “Maybe just a little,” Wendy said, trying to play it cool but failing miserably. Donna’s mouth turned up in a little smirk. “Yeah, I thought it might. So what do you say?” “About what?” Wendy replied, careful to not presume too much. After all, she barely even knew Donna. “About coming back to my place,” Donna said as though it was nothing at all. “I mean, I know you don’t really care if it’s New Year’s Eve or just another random night, but I do. And I’d rather spent it with an actual live person instead of a plastic battery-powered toy.” Containing her excitement behind a wall of feigned indifference, Wendy said, “Well, I guess if it means that much to you . . .” “It does,” Donna said. “So grab your smokes and let’s go.” # Five minutes later they were in Donna’s kitchen. On the granite counter in front of them was a bottle of Jack Daniels and a pair of shot glasses. “I’d like you to meet my good buddy Jose Cuervo,” Donna said, extending her hand towards the bottle. Wendy nodded towards it. “Hello there, jose.” “Have you two met before?” “Once or twice,” Wendy said. “Jose is one of my best friends,” Donna said, picking up the bottle. “He’s helped me through many hard times over the years. Most of my friends are into wine or mixed drinks, but not me. Nope, when I want to get good and trashed I prefer my good friend Jose Cuervo. He always treats me right. Unlike most of the men I know.” Donna held the bottle up to her face and gave it a kiss. “Ain’t that right, Jose?” Wendy eyed Donna wearily, wondering what she’d gotten herself into. And whether or not it was too late to get herself out of it. Or if she even wanted to. Wendy had been with a couple of women over the years, but they’d mostly been brief experiments, and always with good friends. Nothing like this had never happened to her before, not even close. And while she wasn’t opposed to it, Wendy certainly didn’t feel real comfortable right now. But before Wendy could settle on a course of action, Donna took matters into her own hands. She filled the shot glasses, then grabbed the nearest one and held it up for a toast. Wendy grabbed the other one and clinked it against hers. “Bottoms up,” Donna said, effortlessly shooting the tequila. Wendy did the same, grimacing a bit as it went down. Donna laughed. “Are you all right?” she said, grabbing the bottle and filling the glasses up once again as she talked. “Yeah.” “You sure? It didn’t look like Jose treated you all that nicely.” “I’ll be fine,” Wendy said. And to prove it, she grabbed the glass and threw another shot down, grimacing only slightly this time. “Not bad,” Donna said. She shot her glass and started filling them up yet again. Donna eyes had a psychotic little tilt to them. Wendy wasn’t sure if the butterflies in her stomach were due to excitement or fear. Or perhaps both. Oh well, Wendy thought, nothing a few more shots couldn’t cure. # Six shots later and Wendy was starting to feel the effects of the tequila. Nothing too serious yet, but she knew from experience that it took a little while for shots to fully kick in. Within a few minutes she would undoubtedly be buzzing hard, if not outright drunk. Donna was feeling it too. Wendy could see it in Donna’s eyes, could smell it on her breath, could taste it on her lips when she suddenly stepped towards Wendy and clamped them onto Wendy’s own. Donna’s tongue darted into Wendy’s mouth and she replied in kind, all the while trying to keep from thinking too much about what was going on. Just go with the flow, Wendy told himself. And she did, following Donna’s lead on everything, from the rapidly increasing intensity of their kissing, to touching, to groping each other. Wendy was just starting to wonder if she should take the lead into the next phase when Donna pulled back, grabbed the bottle of Cuervo, and took a swig straight from the bottle. “So what do you say, Wendy? Do you think you can give me what I need?” Donna asked in a drunken tilt, handing the bottle over to Wendy. “That depends on what it is, I guess,” Wendy said. “I need to get fucked.” Wendy smiled took a drink. “I don’t think I can help you out with that.” “Oh, I think you’re mistaken about that. I think you can help me. If you want to.” “I seem to be missing one important piece of the puzzle,” Wendy said. “You know, like the most important piece of the puzzle if you want to fuck someone else.” “What? You mean a cock?” Donna asked, smiling. “Uh, yeah,” Wendy said, smiling back despite herself. “Oh, the cock is the easiest thing in the world to replace,” Donna said. “I’ve got a strap-on with your name on it in my room right now if that’s the only thing holding you back.” “Well, it’s not the only thing,” Wendy said. “So you don’t want to fuck me?” Donna asked. “Is that what your saying?” But before Wendy could formulate an answer, Donna spoke up again. “Because I don’t believe you one bit,” Donna added. “Not the way that this night has played out. No, I think . . . I know that you want to fuck me, even if you won’t admit it to yourself.” She was right, of course. Wendy wasn’t sure if it was the alcohol talking or not, but she did want to fuck Donna. Badly. And not only that, but she wanted to get fucked by Donna too. Of that there was no doubt. So she said as much. “Fine, you got me,” Wendy said. “I do want to fuck you. But not only that . . ” She trailed off before finishing, for some reason feeling embarrassed. “But you want me to fuck you as well, don’t you?” Donna said. Wendy nodded sheepishly. “Then it sounds like we have a deal,” Donna said. “You strap-on one of my dildos and fuck me, and once that’s over, we’ll switch places and I’ll fuck you. What do you say?” “Ah, fuck it,” Wendy said. “What the hell. Let’s do it.” “Great!” Donna said. “But just so you know, I’m not talking about making love, or having sex, or any weak shit like that. I’m talking about getting fucked. Hard. Aggressive, rough sex. Getting it and giving it. Can you handle that?” “Yeah.” “Are you sure? It may get pretty crazy.” Wendy took another swig of the tequila, then said, “Positive.” And she almost believed it. Smiling, Donna said, “Great. Then hold on one second.” She grabbed the bottle out of Wendy’s hand and took one more swig, then set the bottle on the counter and left the kitchen. When she came back, she was holding a strap-on in her hand that was holding a monster, 9-inch cock. “Holy shit that’s big,” Wendy said. “Yeah, I’m in that kind of mood. You can pick a smaller one when it’s your turn if you want.” Before Wendy could answer, Donna dropped to her knees right there in the kitchen. “Whoa,” Wendy said. “Wait a second—” “It’s too late now,” Donna said as she yanked Wendy’s jeans open and pulled them and Wendy’s panties off without any hint of gentleness. “Now step into the and strap it on,” she said. “I’m desperate to get fucked.” Laughing softly, Wendy did as she was told. There was no use trying to fight back, Donna was some kind of force of nature; there was no way to deny her, so the best course of action was to go with the flow. And besides, Wendy was pretty fucking excited at the prospect of the evening. Wendy had just got the dildo strapped on tight when Donna wrapped her lips around Wendy’s new cock and took the whole thing in her mouth, amazing Wendy with her aggression and dexterity. Donna held her position—deepthroating the dildo, hands gripping Wendy’s ass, nose touching Wendy’s stomach—for a full 5 seconds before backing off to catch her breath. One of Donna’s hands went to the base of the dildo and grabbed on tight and started aggressively jerking Wendy off while Donna’s other hand went between Wendy’s legs and thrust two fingers into Wendy’s pussy. Looking up at Wendy, Donna said “You like that? You like it when I bang your pussy while I jerk you off. Does that turn you on?” Strangely, it did turn Wendy on. Much more than she would have imagined. So much so that she only nodded, afraid of what her voice would sound like if she tried to talk. But Donna was having none of that. Donna knew what she wanted, and she was going to get it. “Say it,” Donna said, the evil little glint in her eye more prominent than ever. “I want to hear you say it.” “I love it,” Wendy said. “Say it like you mean it,” Donna snapped. “I love it,” Wendy said, more forcefully this time. “Damn right you do,” Donna shot back, her hand still working Wendy’s dildo, treating as though it was a real cock. “You want me to deepthroat you again, don’t you?” Donna added. “You want me to swallow your cock, to stick it down my throat as far as it will go. Don’t you?” “Yes,” Wendy replied. “Tell me what you want,” Donna said. Wendy was buzzing pretty hard from the Jose Cuervo but not quite hard enough to completely get over feeling self-conscious about the situation, so she reached for the bottle and took another swig from it. Even though she knew it wouldn’t effect her immediately, just the idea that in a few more minutes she’d be drunk enough to no longer care what came out of Donna’s mouth gave her enough courage to say the words. “I want you to deepthroat me,” Wendy said. “Not very convincing,” Donna said. Wendy took another swig of tequila. “I want you to take my fucking cock all the way down your throat.” “Close,” Donna said, the slightly psychotic look in her eyes now having spread to the corners of her mouth. “One more time and I might actually believe you.” Fuck it, Wendy thought. No reason to hold back now. One more swig of the Cuervo, then, “Choke on my cock you fucking slut.” “Now that’s what I’m talking about,” Donna said, smiling like the devil. Donna slapped Wendy’s cock against her face a couple of times then went back to blowing the dildo, her lips moving up and down Wendy’s shaft in time with her hand, sucking and jerking in unison with each other, choking noises coming from Donna’s mouth as she took Wendy’s cock deeper and deeper down her throat. And then Donna’s hands were again gripping Wendy’s ass cheeks and the dildo completely disappeared in Donna’s mouth. “Ho-ly shit,” Wendy said as Donna held the dildo in her throat for what seemed like an eternity. Donna’s eyes started to leak tears, causing her mascara to run. She gagged once, then twice, before finally pulling off Wendy’s cock. Donna took a couple of deep, coughing breaths then spit on Wendy’s cock and started jerking it some more. Copious amounts of saliva covered the dildo making it slippery as hell. Donna shifted positions, sliding her body further beneath Wendy, and started licking Wendy’s pussy. “Holy crap,” Wendy said. The sensation was incredible, and it turned her legs into jelly, forcing her to grab ahold of the counter top with both hands to keep from crumbling to the ground. After a little while, Donna was climbing to her feet. She put her hands on the counter and bent over at the waist, her legs perfectly straight, muscles taut, her tight little ass sticking out towards Wendy. Donna reached back and lifted the bottom of her dress up, revealing a black g-string, which she promptly wiggled out of. As Wendy watched, it dropped to the floor. Donna stepped out of it, her heels clicking on the hard kitchen tiles. “Well?” Donna said, turning her head to look back at Wendy. “What are you waiting for? Time to return the favor.” Smiling, Wendy sat on the floor, grabbed one of Donna’s ass cheeks in each hand, spread them apart, and buried her face in between them. “That’s right,” Donna said, pushing back against Wendy and wiggling her ass. “Get in there. Bury your face in my pussy.” Wendy went to work on Donna’s pussy, lapping at it like a cat drinking milk, running her tongue up and down Donna’s snatch, sucking on Donna’s pussy lips, sticking her rigid tongue inside Donna. After a little while, Donna started to ride Wendy’s tongue, lightly at first but then picking up more speed. Donna’s moans grew louder with every bounce. Reaching back, Donna grabbed a handful of Wendy’s hair and pulled Wendy’s face deeper into her, practically smothering Wendy, forcing her to breath Donna into her lungs. Wendy did so with pleasure, relishing in the helplessness, getting lost with desire as Donna’s wet, musky sweetness intoxicated her further. Then Donna was pulling Wendy’s hair, lifting her up from the ground. “I need you inside me,” Donna said, looking back at Wendy while she rubbed her ass against the dildo. “I need you to stick that fucking cock inside me and fuck me like I deserve to be fucked.” Wasting no time, Wendy did as she was told, sliding the cock into Donna’s soaking wet pussy with no resistance whatsoever. The moment Wendy got it inside, Donna slammed her ass back into Wendy, causing Wendy to lose her balance and nearly knocking her off her feet. “So that’s how it’s gonna be, huh?” Wendy said, grabbing Donna around the hips and leaning forward to better balance herself against Donna’s thrusts. “You’re damn right,” Donna said, pushing against the counter with her hands to provide more leverage. “Now shut up and fuck me like you mean it.” Donna slammed back into Wendy again, but this time Wendy was prepared for it, and drove her hips forward at the same time, slamming the dildo into her. “There you go,” Donna said, hammering back into Wendy again. “There’s some hope for you after all.” Wendy laughed softly. Not only was she not used to being the one doing the fucking instead of getting fucked, having Donna be such a dirty slut was throwing her off even more. But luckily, the Cuervo had kicked in big time, and she was starting to get used to it, even enjoy it. And then, on a whim, she decided to take more control of the situation. If Donna wanted it hard, Wendy would give her all she could handle. Wendy grabbed the back of Donna’s shoulders, pulling Donna back towards her with every thrust. It took them a few pumps to get their timing down, but pretty soon their bodies were pounding together in a mass of frenzied flesh, Donna’s upper half bent over the counter, her ass slamming repeatedly back against Wendy’s hips, Donna’s hair flying everywhere, Wendy’s cock going in and out of Donna’s pussy in long, aggressive strokes. Grunts of exertion came from both their mouths, filling the empty apartment with the sounds of raw, animalistic sex. “Fuck yeah,” Donna said. “That’s what I need. Fuck me, baby. Fuck me like the dirty little slut I am. Slam that cock into my pussy. Punish me. Make me pay!” Donna threw her right leg up on the counter, opening herself up even more to Wendy. And Wendy took advantage, shifting her body to give Donna every inch of the massive dildo. Wendy’s left hand drifted up and grabbed ahold of Donna’s hair and yanked Donna’s head back, eliciting a sharp yelp from her throat as she arched her back to alleviate the pressure. “You like that?” Wendy said, the effects of the alcohol completely obliterating her inhibitions. “You like it when I pull your hair?” “I love it,” Donna moaned, her voice a guttural growl. Wendy spanked Donna’s ass. “What about that?” Wendy asked, still fucking Donna like a madwoman all the while. “You like that too?” “Yes.” Wendy spanked it again, harder this time. “What? I can’t hear you.” “Yes!” Donna screamed. Wendy spanked Donna’s ass again, even harder this time. It sounded like a gunshot in the small kitchen. Slap! “Louder,” Wendy said. “YES!” Slap! “YES!” Slap! “YES!” Donna screamed, her voice quivering. “I FUCKING LOVE IT! DON’T STOP, DON’T FUCKING STOP! I’M GONNA CUM, I’M GONNA FUCKING CUM!” Wendy spanked Donna’s ass a couple more times then wrapped one arm around Donna’s upper body and grabbed Donna’s opposite shoulder and pulled Donna closer in to her, until their heads were just inches apart. With Wendy’s opposite hand she reached out and grabbed Donna’s breast and squeezed, eliciting another gasp from Donna. Grunting with exertion, Wendy continued fucking Donna with everything she had, grinding up against Donna’s ass, pummeling Donna mercilessly as she screamed for more until Donna was finally ready to cum. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Donna cried, her entire body shaking and shivering as Wendy continued fucking her. “I’m cumming, I’m cumming, I’m fucking cumming!” Wendy slammed the dildo in and out of Donna until finally Donna’s orgasm passed and she stood there, panting and trying to catch her breath. Wendy carefully slid the dildo out of Donna’s pussy and stood there, holding it and playing with it while Donna recovered. “Wow,” Donna said. “That was fucking awesome. You’re damn good at that.” “Thanks,” Wendy said. “But I have to admit, I’m a bit jealous.” “Why?” “Because you got to cum,” Wendy said. “True,” Donna laughed. “But you’re in luck.” “Why’s that?” Wendy asked. “Because the night is young,” Donna replied. “And I just happen to be in the mood to do some fucking. Do you want to trade places?” “I’d love to,” Wendy said. “But you have to promise me one thing.” “What’s that?” “That you fuck me as hard as I fucked you.” Donna smiled. “Oh, don’t worry, hon. I’m going to give it to you much harder than you gave it to me.” “You promise?” Wendy asked. “I swear,” Donna said. “Now slip out of that dildo and let’s get started on round two.” “With pleasure,” Wendy said. She was excited as she’d ever been in her life. Her only regret was that she didn’t start doing this sort of thing earlier. Women were so much more fun than men. Well, Donna was, at least. Now it was time to find out if she fucked better than a man. Wendy was willing to bet that she was. # As soon as Donna had strapped on the dildo, Wendy dropped to her knees and took Donna’s cock in her hand and started stroking it. “Such a nice big cock. Do you know what to do with it?” “Oh, I think I can figure it out,” Donna said. Wendy laughed. “I’m sure you can.” She wrapped her lips around Donna’s cock and took it halfway down before popping it back out again. “Wow, this thing is huge,” she added before going back to work on the dildo, treating it like it was a real cock, sucking on the tip while jerking it off, playing with Donna’s pussy as though they were balls, and taking it nearly all the way down her throat while maintaining eye contact the entire time. It was an incredibly sloppy blowjob, with tons of spit. After a minute and a half of blowing the dildo, Donna grabbed ahold of Wendy’s hair and lifted her head up off the dildo, leaned forward, and slipped her tongue into Wendy’s mouth. Soon they were exploring each other’s mouths with sloppy intensity. Donna grabbed ahold of Wendy’s left breast and gave it a squeeze, then ran her hand down Wendy’s flat stomach and started rubbing her pussy. Once Wendy’s pussy was good and wet, Donna grabbed her by the legs, picked her up, spun her around, and dropped her on the couch. Donna then dropped to her knees and started eating Wendy’s pussy. Wendy let out a surprised little squeal which quickly turned into a giggle and then into a moan of pleasure as Donna started going at it more aggressively. Donna grabbed Wendy’s legs and threw them back towards Wendy, giving herself a little more leverage. Wendy hooked her arms around the back of her knees, holding them in place up by her head. Donna started off slowly, licking around the outside of Wendy’s pussy lips, teasing her, tempting her, taunting her. After a little while, she started in on the pussy proper, lapping at Wendy’s inner sweetness by running her tongue up and down the length of Wendy’s snatch, penetrating it only slightly at first, then more deeply, flicking her tongue in and out, back and forth, licking and sucking and burying her face inside Wendy’s pussy, constantly moving, mixing things up, keeping her on her toes. Every once in a while Donna would venture a glance up the length of Wendy’s perfect body to see her face in various stages of enjoyment; sometimes eyes closed, sometimes head thrown back, sometimes squeezing or sucking her own nipples. One time she even noticed Wendy’s right hand was around her throat and her face was red from choking herself. Donna filed this little nugget away for later and went back to work, moving her tongue up to suck on Wendy’s clit and sliding two fingers inside her pussy. She curled her fingers and started rubbing them back and forth, sticking them further and further inside Wendy until she found the rough, pebbly surface of Wendy’s G-spot. Wendy gasped and her eyes shot open. A look of pleasant surprise flashed across her face, but it quickly turned into a mask of intense pleasure as the purely physical sensation overwhelmed her senses. “Right there,” Wendy said, her voice a deep, breathy whisper. “Right fucking there.” Donna went after Wendy’s G-spot with enthusiasm, applying more and more pressure to it as she rubbed her fingers back and forth inside Wendy as quickly as she could. Her pussy was soaking wet too; something about getting a girl off excited Donna just as much as a girl getting Donna off. It had always been that way for her. Wendy’s pussy was gushing now and she was bucking back against Donna’s hand with her whole body, allowing Donna deeper penetration into her pussy. But the angle was starting to burn in Donna’s forearm, causing her to slow the pace just a bit. “Don’t stop,” Wendy growled at Donna. “Don’t you dare fucking stop.” Smiling, Donna slid a third finger insider Wendy, eliciting another gasp and more frenzied bucking from her. “You like that, huh?” Donna said, climbing up alongside Wendy to release some of the pressure on her wrist and allowing her to go after Wendy with even more force. “You like my fingers inside you?” Wendy nodded. Her eyes were wide and her face was flushed and her breath was growing ever more rapid as she rose towards orgasm. “Tell me how much you like it,” Donna said, taunting her, relishing the power she had over Wendy. “I fucking love it,” Wendy said. She was barely able to get the words out she was so worked up. Her smile growing wider, Donna slammed her fingers into Wendy a few more times, until she was right on the verge of cumming. Then she gave Wendy one final thrust of her fingers and held them there, deep inside Wendy, filling up Wendy’s pussy. Wendy’s body started to shake and a low moan escaped from her throat. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!” she cried as her body tensed, her pussy squeezing even tighter against Donna’s fingers for just a moment before releasing a flood of juices that ran over Donna’s hand and started down her arm. Donna immediately went back to work on Wendy with her fingers but Wendy grabbed her arm and pulled it out of her pussy. With her hand wrapped around Donna’s wrist, Wendy brought Donna’s hand up to her face and stuck Donna’s fingers in her mouth. Wendy’s other hand ventured down to the dildo and started slowly stroking it. “Enough of the foreplay,” Wendy said after licking Donna’s fingers clean of her own juices. “I want you to fuck me with that fat cock of yours.” “Are you sure?” Donna said. “Because I can do this all night long.” “Maybe some other time. Right now I need you inside of me.” “If you insist,” Donna said. She threw Wendy’s legs open and slid in between them. With the dildo in hand, Donna guided it towards Wendy’s snatch, pausing one last time to tease her for just a moment by slapping the dildo against Wendy’s pussy lips a couple of times before sticking it in. Wendy’s pussy was still soaking wet from before, allowing Donna’s dildo to slide in with ease despite its size. Wendy let out a long breath as Donna entered her, followed by a low moan of pleasure. “That’s what I’m talking about,” Wendy said, wrapping her arms around the back of Donna’s neck and pulling her head down until their faces were mere inches apart. “I love having your cock inside me.” They stayed like that for a little while, face-to-face, staring into each others eyes while Donna fucked Wendy with long, slow strokes. Then they started to kiss, slowly and passionately at first, their tongues moving in each others mouths, exploring and tasting each other in ways they hadn’t done so yet, in ways that fucking each other didn’t allow. Eventually Donna pulled her mouth away from Wendy’s and leaned back and slid up onto her knees. She grabbed ahold of Wendy’s legs and threw them up over her shoulders and started to pound away, Donna’s hips slamming down into Wendy, her cock filling up Wendy’s pussy. “Right there, right fucking there,” Wendy said, her voice higher-pitched than before and trembling with pleasure. She was clearly enjoying herself. “Pound me with that big fucking cock. Pound me!” Donna loved hearing Wendy talk dirty while they fucked and itt made her go after Wendy even more aggressively. Donna yanked Wendy’s legs down from around her shoulders and pushed them back and down towards Wendy so her knees were pressed onto the couch, one on each side of her body, essentially folding Wendy in half. Holding Wendy’s legs in place, Donna once again went to work, slamming into Wendy with everything she had, her body working like a furious jackhammer, intent on only thing; fucking Wendy into oblivion. And it seemed to be working. Wendy’s face was a mask of pleasure, eyes rolling around and full of ecstasy, face red with exertion, mouth closed tight against a scream. Her hands were above her head, holding on to the edge of the couch for dear life, fingers gripping the material tightly enough to leave marks. Donna let go of one of Wendy’s legs and went to work on Wendy’s breast, squeezing and groping and slapping it as she fucked Wendy, getting her even more excited. Wendy’s hand flew down to her clit and started furiously rubbing away while her moans and grunts grew louder and more insistent, practically animalistic. Donna was totally into the moment, enjoying herself immensely, but still she wanted more. She wanted to push the envelope, see if she could take things are far as she thought she could, as far, indeed, as she thought Wendy wanted her to go. From what she’d seen of Wendy so far, she would have no problem with anything Donna did, and she was pretty sure Wendy wasn’t anywhere near her limits yet. And Donna got the distinct feeling that Wendy was looking for Donna to push her. She decided to test her theory. Remembering Wendy’s hand around her own throat earlier, Donna released her hold on Wendy’s breast and slid her right hand up Wendy’s chest and towards her neck. Donna gripped Wendy’s neck softly at first, just to see how she’d react. Donna was excited to see it was with a smile and a nasty little gleam in her eye. So she squeezed Wendy’s throat a little harder. Wendy’s smile grew a little wider. This got Donna a little more excited, something she’d not thought possible. Time to turn things up a notch. Donna shifted positions to give himself a better angle, adjusting so she was lying sideways on the couch with Wendy alongside her, lying mostly on her back. Donna was partially on top of Wendy, partially to her side. Wendy’s left leg was pressed up against her body and Donna’s arm was hooked around the back of it, pushing Wendy’s knee up against her left breast. Donna’s right hand was gripping a fistful of Wendy’s hair and her left hand was wrapped around Wendy’s throat, choking her while Donna was fucking her. Their faces were inches apart and they were staring at each other, eyes locked together. Wendy was totally into it, her eyes wide with intense pleasure, her breathing labored, her face flushed. Still fucking her with everything she had, Donna tightened her grasp on Wendy’s throat, not enough to hurt her but enough to severely constrict her flow of breath. Wendy’s face reddened further and her mouth opened and closed a few times as though searching for oxygen. Her eyelids started fluttering softly. Donna choked Wendy for another couple of seconds, taking her closer to the edge of passing out before letting go of her throat. Wendy gulped in gasping breaths, her eyes wide now, the color coming back to her face in a rush. Once Wendy had regained her breath, she started bucking against Donna harder than before, obviously turned on by the experience. Wendy grabbed ahold of Donna’s hair and pulled her head down until their faces were almost touching. Then Wendy craned her neck and stuck her tongue in Donna’s mouth and started aggressively exploring it. A few seconds later Wendy yanked Donna’s head back and relaxed her hold on Donna’s mouth. Wendy pressed her forehead against Donna’s and stared directly into her eyes from mere centimeters away. “Do it again,” she said, her voice pleading with need. “Please do it again.” Smiling at Wendy, taunting her again, Donna said, “You like that do you? You like my hand around your throat while I fuck you?” “I love it,” Wendy said. “I fucking love it. Do it again. Please?” So Donna obliged, once again gripping Wendy’s hair with one hand and her throat with the other. Donna hammered her cock into Wendy’s pussy, tightening her grip on Wendy’s throat with every thrust as Wendy slammed her body back into Donna’s. Just like before, Donna took Wendy right to the edge of passing out before releasing her throat. She gasped for breath, smiling and laughing the entire time, her excitement palpable, infecting Donna with desire. “You’re quite a little slut, aren’t you?” Donna said. “Not a little one,” Wendy replied, grinning ferociously. “I’m a huge fucking slut.” “Well then, Miss-huge-fucking-slut. What else do you like?” “I like it all,” she said. “Whatever you can think of.” “Anything?” “Anything,” Wendy said, moving her hand down to grab Donna’s tit and give it a squeeze. “The nastier the better.” “Is that right?” Wendy bit her bottom lip and nodded, her eyes wide and gleaming with exhilaration. Donna decided to see if Wendy meant what she said. Donna reared back and smacked Wendy in the cheek, not very hard, but not gently either. Wendy’s eyes lit up even further. “Oh, you like that too, huh?” Donna said, her smile growing bigger. Wendy flashed an evil grin and nodded. So Donna smacked her again, a little harder this time. Wendy’s grin grew wider and she started breathing harder. Her hands flashed down to her tits and she started groping herself, squeezing and slapping and pinching her own nipples. Donna smacked her again, and again and again, growing more excited at Wendy’s rising enthusiasm, as though they were functions of each other. With every smack Wendy moaned a little louder, a little more intensely. She had now taken to working her clit with one hand, aggressively rubbing it as Donna slapped her. Wendy seemed totally lost, her eyes glazed over and her body quivering. As usual, Wendy’s excitement served to fuel Donna’s lust. She grabbed a handful of Wendy’s hair and stood up, lifting Wendy up. Donna spun Wendy around and threw her face-first onto the couch, then grabbed ahold of Wendy’s legs and pulled her onto her knees so her ass was up in the air, waiting for Donna, beckoning, the perfect height for Donna to fuck her while standing. Donna sidled up to Wendy and slid the dildo into her pussy, penetrating her from behind. Without so much as a pause for breath Donna started slamming into Wendy, long and deep and fast, Donna’s hands around Wendy’s hips for balance. Wendy got into it too, bouncing her ass back into Donna’s body with every thrust, allowing Donna to penetrate her deeper than she would have been able to on her own. “Oh my god,” Wendy said. “That feels so fucking good.” “You like that, do you?” Donna said. “You like it when I fuck you from behind?” “I love it,” Wendy said, her voice nearly cracking. “I love it your cock inside me. Don’t stop fucking me, don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop!” As it had all night, Wendy’s talking fueled Donna’s excitement ever further. She reached out and grabbed a handful of Wendy’s hair and yanked her head upwards while still fucking her at a frenetic pace. Donna wrapped one hand around Wendy’s throat and held her in place while letting the other arm slip down and grab ahold of Wendy’s breast. Squeezing tight with both hands, Donna continued fucking Wendy with everything she had, their bodies slamming up against each other, the room filling with grunts of exertion and pleasure. After taking Wendy nearly to the point of passing out once again, Donna released her throat, allowing her to breathe. As Wendy was gasping for breath Donna climbed up onto the couch so her feet were alongside Wendy’s body. Squatting over Wendy with the dildo still inside Wendy’s pussy, Donna pushed Wendy’s shoulders down so her face was pressing up against the cushions of the couch and her ass was up in the air. Leaning forward, Donna grabbed the back of the couch and used it for leverage as she proceeded to pound the shit out Wendy, her hips slamming up against Wendy’s ass, their bodies smacking together loudly. Donna hammered Wendy for what seemed like an eternity, her pussy opening up further and further, allowing Donna to explore new depths with every thrust, her perfect little pink asshole staring Donna in the face, beckoning Donna, begging to be played with. But her asshole would have to wait for another time, as Wendy was already on the verge of orgasm. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” she said quickly under her breath. “I’m gonna cum.” And cum Wendy did, screaming and bucking and laughing wildly as she squirted everywhere while Donna continued pummeling away at her. Once she was done, Wendy pulled her body forward, yanking the dildo from her snatch, and fell back onto the couch. “So what happens now?” Donna asked, sitting down next to her. “What do you mean?” “Is this a one-time thing? Or something that we can do every one in a while?” “I’d definitely like to do it again,” Wendy said. “What about you?” “Hell yes,” Donna said. “It was fun.” “It sure was,” Wendy said. “Maybe next time we can even get a man involved,” Donna said. “Double-team some poor guy and get ourselves off at the same time.” “That sounds like a good plan,” Wendy said. “Did you have anyone specific in mind?” “Fuck no,” Donna said. “All the guys I know are pieces of shit. I was hoping you knew somebody.” “Actually, I might,” Wendy said. “We used to go out and still get together every once in a while to fuck. And I know he’s be up for banging two girls at once.” “Then set it up,” Donna said. “Just tell me when it will work.” “I will,” Wendy said, leaning over to give Donna a kiss. “But right now I need to get some sleep. Between the fucking and drinking, I’m about to hit the wall.” “I hear you there,” Donna said. “Do you mind if I just crash on your couch?” “Fuck that,” Donna said. “I’ve got a big, comfortable bed. Come on with me and we’ll sleep together.” “I thought we already did that,” Wendy said, grinning as she stood up. “Yeah,” Donna said, returning the smile and climbing to her feet. “I guess we did.” 