The Cathay Pacific Boeing 727 was gliding in across blue Eastern skies towards Bangkok. Relaxing in the front row of the forward section, Veronica’s endless legs stretched out into the aisle. From time to time her eyes left her laptop and strayed to the blue curtain leading to the cockpit past the toilets and the metallic row of fridges and microwaves. She was starving. At long last a red-jacketed stewardess wheeling the meal trays down the aisle. Veronica pulled back her legs, popped up her seat and flashed a smile at her, another at the Chinese man sitting next to her and opted for the Thai curry menu. She devoured her chicken, tapping her feet to the strains of Baxter Dury in her headphones and went back to her reading: a report on the refugee camp where she was to spend the next two months, on a mission for a Hong Kong-based NGO. Once again, her long legs stretched into the aisle. The music in her ears made the statistics scrolling down the pink screen seem a lot less boring. As she finished reviewing the first part of the report, Veronica sensed she was being watched. The chief pilot’s tanned hand was holding back the blue curtain and his hefty body was framed in the opening. Their gazes met briefly. Heavy-set in his uniform, the man was staring at Veronica’s bare feet, plainly manicured, slender and pale in their beige sandals. The pilot’s eyes slanted towards his temples and his prominent cheekbones were like those of South American Indians. His face would have been handsome were it not for those teenage acne pockmarks, Veronica thought to herself as she resumed her reading, determined to finish in time to have two free days in Bangkok before being enrolled into camp routine. When she raised her eyes again, the curtain was back in place. She had scarcely shut down her laptop when the “fasten seat belts” sign went on. Veronica strode through wide airport hallways and collected her backpack from the baggage carousel. The chief pilot with his tan was standing next to the glass door opening onto the metal footbridge that led to the taxi ranks. He approached her with the faintest of smiles. “I have a company car. I can drop you off in town. Where are you staying?” “That hotel near the bus station.” “The Rex?” Having leafed through a guidebook in Hong Kong, Veronica knew there were dozens of hotels in that vicinity. Tourists spent the night there before taking a bus to one of the southern beaches, Khao Lak, Phuket or Pattaya. But she didn’t know the name of a single one, she’d planned to explore the area around the station on foot and psych out a decent accommodation for her two nights in Bangkok. So she decided to bluff. “That’s right, the Rex.” “Me too, I can drop you there, if you like.” She followed him to the company car and climbed on the back seat beside him. He introduced himself as Bernardo but didn’t bother to shake hands: he was from the Philippines and didn’t know a soul in Bangkok, despite his countless stopovers between Manila and the Middle East. As the car sped down the highway, his eyes dwelled on her feet. “What’s your shoe size?” “Seven and a half.” “Small feet for your height. How tall are you?” “Five feet ten.” “No fooling, we’re exactly the same height!” The coincidence brought smiles to their lips. This was the first Filipino Veronica had met. She sensed in Bernardo a man who’d risen out of poverty, culturally illiterate, and she took the bestseller she was reading out of her backpack to test him. “Awesome, Douglas Kennedy’s last book. Have you read it?” “I don’t read much. I am a movie fan, thrillers mostly.” In the lobby of the Rex she laid her passport on the front desk while Bernardo parleyed with the clerk in his own language, Tagalog, or was it Thai? Veronica didn’t speak either one. He turned to her. “There’s a luxury suite on the top floor. We could share it. Separate bedrooms with a sitting room in the middle. My airline will pick up the tab.” He took Veronica’s silence for assent, made the arrangements and handed her a key card. In the lift, Veronica suddenly felt giddy. Why had she accepted this? She was a practising psychologist, accustomed to settling other people’s conflicts and who rarely lost her composure on the job. Nor had she ever entered into an affair without weighing at length the pros and the cons. But the uniform preceding her down the corridor was reassuring: after all, Bernardo was a chief airline pilot. A man of confidence, responsible for the safety of his passengers. She’d never heard of any jet-crew member accused of rape. Behind their crimson portières, the two bedrooms were spacious, each with its own double bed. On the coffee table in the sitting room, a boat made of coconut shells and filled with fresh mangoes, pineapples and mangosteens had pride of place. The man pointed up to the high bay window, long and narrow like a movie screen. A tangle of electric wires was visible with thousands of starlings perched upon them. “Those’d make a nice fricassée! Ever tasted ortolans?” “No, never.” “They’re delicious. Some restaurants in Manila still serve them.” Perhaps that was meant to be tit for tat, so to speak: a plate of ortolans against Douglas Kennedy. Almost everyone has heard of Douglas Kennedy, his paperbacks are on sale in every airport, but who has any idea what ortolans taste like? Veronica’s ethnological instincts were aroused, her curiosity about this roommate became more appreciative. They retired to their respective bedrooms. Veronica heard the spattering of Bernardo’s shower. She stepped into her own bathroom and revelled in the warm jet. Then, wrapped in a bath sheet, she lay on the sofa by the boat of fruit, wondering what came next. Bernardo had a bath sheet around his waist when he joined her in the sitting room. His torso was covered with tattoos, a dark green jungle crawling with serpents and dragons dotted with symbols that meant nothing to Veronica. Yakuza, she thought while he was seating himself cross-legged at her feet on the thick wall-to-wall carpet with its leafy design. Without thinking, she held out her legs to him, impulsively stretching her arms and toes, yawning discreetly. Bernardo took her foot and pressed it to his lips, then looked up to see how she reacted. With any other man, Veronica would already have pulled her foot away, but her ethnological curiosity got the better of her: she let him suck her toes, and was soon surprised by the way the feel of his tongue affected her: warm and damp, it was both firm and tender, alternating rough swipes and exciting little licks, sawing back and forth between her toes. Bernardo’s tongue seemed as long as a hand. It curled around her toes with uncommon agility; huge and red, obscene as the tongue of a dromedary when the animal sticks it all the way out, it trailed along the side of her foot without even tickling. Instead of revolting her, the sight of such an unusual proportion of that organ actually aroused her further. A wave of pleasure rose to her knees then flashed up the inside of her thighs and straight to her groin. Her sex was as wet as an oyster between contractions. She knew she lacked the willpower to deny him the follow-up. She was wetter than wet and losing patience, when suddenly her head swam. She came, and her juices swamped Bernardo’s face. He lapped them up quickly and without even a pause to catch his breath, began licking her vulva, descending from clit to anus and back. Scarcely had a few minutes gone by when Veronica shuddered with another orgasm, which left her empty sex throbbing. Her back arched, her ass went tight as another wave swept her high on a deserted shore. When she became aware of her surroundings again, Bernardo’s tattooed chest was bending over her. He must have been watching her when she came. She was dying for more. She spread her sex wide, buttocks relaxed, thighs akimbo. Bernardo was ready for a repeat performance. The tongue climbed quickly to the zenith and down again, zeroing in on a point near the entrance, at twelve o’clock, the fount of all sensations. When Veronica returned to earth after another moment of oblivion, Bernardo was standing by the minibar downing a two-shot bottle of whisky. He then lay on the sofa, modestly draped in the bathsheet. He must have put on a condom before entering her. His cock slithered through a mire of her juices, yet Veronica felt nothing. Bernardo, who didn’t seem too well hung, came quickly and returned to his bedroom without a word. Veronica took a mango to bed with her and peeled it with the switchblade Buck knife a colleague had brought her from a trekking trip in Utah. She always carried it in her suitcase whenever she went on a mission, the way other people might take a Swiss army knife. Bernardo knocked on her bedroom door. They chatted while she savoured her fruit. “Where did you learn that thing with your tongue?” she asked. “In Manila, when I was a kid, we used to drink sodas sticking our tongue as deep into the glass as it would go. The one who lapped up the last drop was the winner. It was a kind of initiation for us street kids. Tora-tora, the tongue massage, was invented in the Philippines when the Americans were fighting the Japanese for control of the Pacific islands. There are still women in massage parlours who provide it.” He lay down on the bed next to Veronica. She ate a slice of mango, drowsily answered his questions about the camp and fell sound asleep. When she woke, her cellphone screen read 6 a.m. The shape of Bernardo’s body was still visible on the sheet. She leapt out of bed. The pilot’s bedroom was empty. The case he’d been carrying was gone too. Not a single personal effect in the bathroom. Veronica ran to her backpack and leafed through her pocketbook: nothing was missing. Her passport was in its side pocket. None of her possessions were gone . . . except the knife. She searched through the fruit basket, under the pillows, even under the bed. She felt muted anger rising. When you came right down to it, the man had taken advantage of her, and then made off with her knife like a thief! In the lobby, the desk clerk confirmed that the bill had been paid. There was no message for her. Suddenly she wasn’t angry any longer. She put her pack in the room where tourists left some of their luggage while they did their sightseeing and took a taxi to the airport. The Cathay Pacific flight for Manila was posted. She glimpsed the backs of the uniformed crew and caught up with them at their exit gate. When Bernardo turned and saw her, he didn’t seem the least surprised. “Give me back my knife, please,” said Veronica. “I hid it in the sitting room,” said Bernardo. “Behind the minibar. In my country, a woman with a knife is a dangerous woman.” He went through the gate without looking back. Veronica was pensive as she walked to the taxi rank. At the Rex, the desk clerk informed her that the suite had just been let to some other foreigners. He offered her a small ground floor room for her remaining night. Veronica settled in with her backpack and collapsed onto a small bed with soiled sheets for a couple of hours of sleep. When she woke, she went up to the penthouse suite and rang the bell. A tall fair-haired man, a German or a Scandinavian, opened the door. The sitting room was a mess, a scene of debauchery. Empty liquor and beer bottles, Thai girls in bikinis, guys as fair as the one now holding Veronica in his arms, calling her “a gift from heaven”. Veronica let herself be kissed. The man offered her a drink. While he rummaged in the minibar, Veronica leaned forward and felt behind the fridge. Her fingers came into contact with the closed blade. She extracted the knife from its hiding place and slipped it into her pocket. The man kissed her again and led her to the sofa where she’d had such powerful sex the night before. She let him have his way and thought back on her adventure. Once again she could see the chief pilot’s tattoos and his huge red tongue. She pulled away gently and stood up, claiming an urgent appointment. The next day, in the refugee camp, her predecessor was about to leave for the airport. He was going on vacation. Veronica was here to replace him. “So how were those two days in Bangkok?” he asked. “Wonderful! I visited the Royal Palace and saw the reclining Buddha.” “Isn’t it extraordinary! Even the Buddha’s toes are covered with gold foil!” Veronica smiled. Children dragged her to a hand-operated merry-go-round. She started to turn the crank: the machinery must have dated back to the sixties, just like that game the street kids played in Manila, sticking their tongues into glasses. She turned the crank as hard as she could, relishing the physical activity. The Thai children spun faster and faster around her. 