“Dragonmeister?” Georgianna of Roxburghshire stopped moving. She snapped her head back toward the sound of the voice that had summoned her. Her heartbeat quickened. Above the stench of subterranean earth and dung, her nostrils caught the harsh stink of the burning tar. Mercifully, the burning-tar was unlit. The night down here was as lightless as the tomb of a forgotten pilgrim. But the smell was assuredly the burning tar and that was a substance that had no place in the eastern catacombs. “No,” she whispered. It was as much as she dared to say. She was patrolling the catacombs, a thrice daily chore for the dragonmeister of Gatekeeper Island, and inwardly cataloguing her stock. Here in the easternmost catacombs she kept a weyr of orientals that included three-toed Japanese dragons and five-clawed Chinese dragons. The orientals were the most ferocious and dangerous members of the island’s livestock. Maintaining their successful husbandry was an achievement that had won her shields of honor from Caleb the wolf slayer, laird of her fiefdom. But the husbandry of the orientals had never been a chore that George took lightly. It was a perilous job and she insisted there were rules that needed to be followed. “Dragonmeister? Are you their mistress Georgianna?” After the question came the sound of flint striking stone. George clenched her teeth and shook her head. Her eyes grew wide in the darkness. It was one of the apprentice hostlers. She recognized the adolescent squeak of his voice. He was one of a cadre that had arrived earlier that year at summer’s end. In any of the other catacombs his ignorant mistake would merit little more than a stern reprimand. But this was the easternmost catacombs. This environment was not forgiving. In the western catacombs, where she kept the European dragons, the apprentice hostlers were known to fly the beasts in tournaments and race them for pleasure or for daring or for gambling. The western catacombs were larger than their eastern counterparts and hosted a range of dragons that made her laird’s fiefdom the envy of every baron beyond Gatekeeper Island. The western catacombs held Portuguese caco, Polish smok and Catalonian víbria. And every one of those creatures was controllable and trainable. The víbria were amongst her favorite beasts because they took pleasure and satisfaction from helping humans. The víbria lit fires for summer barbecues. The víbria gave gentle rides to small children. And a blazing torch of the burning-tar would not present a problem in the lair of the víbria. Snakes of unease writhed in George’s belly. She held her breath and silently prayed to the gods of the golden temples that they would not need the sacrifice of a death this night. Sensing the carnage that was about to take place, she strongly suspected that her prayers would pass unheeded. Above the catacombs, guarding the golden temples of Gatekeeper Island, there was a family of wyverns: two-legged, long-tailed dragons. The wyverns were responsible for protecting the doorways from the temple to the catacombs. They were also guardians to the fiefdom’s vault of treasure. George was slowly learning the language of the wyverns just as the creatures learnt hers in an exchange of wisdom and culture. It was a fascinating area of study and she had already begun to fall in love with the rhythmic cadence of wyvern poetry. And, as dragonmeister of Gatekeeper Island, George knew that the combined danger posed by every caco, smok, víbria and wyvern was not as menacing as the threat that came from a single oriental. “Dragonmeister?” There was another scratching crack as the flint struck stone. The stink of the burning tar struck her nostrils with renewed force. George heard something growl with barely suppressed hunger. And she breathed a sigh of relief when the flint refused to spark for a second time. If the apprentice hostler survived this night she would flay him until sunrise so he could act as a warning to the rest of her subordinates. “Are you there, Mistress Georgianna?” George insisted that there were three rules for working with the orientals. If she had maintained her needlework studies from when she was a strapling she would have stitched those rules onto a tapestry and hung the framed needlework in the golden temple on the doorway above the easternmost catacomb. The dragonmeister always patrols the eastern catacombs alone. The dragonmeister always patrols the eastern catacombs in silence. The dragonmeister always patrols the eastern catacombs in absolute darkness. She had thought those three rules were made known to everyone who lived on the island. But clearly this apprentice hostler wasn’t aware of them. Or, if he was aware of them, he was too dunderheaded to heed rules. Either way it was going to prove fatal. There was another growl from the darkness. This one was heavier. And George did not need the gift of presentiment that came from working with dragons to know that it was now too late for the hostler. “Dragonmeister?” There was another scratching crack as the flint struck stone. This time the spark erupted into flame. It caught the burning tar. The catacomb was immediately flooded with liquid yellow light. George could see she had been right: it was one of the apprentice hostlers. She recognized him from the ginger hair on his head and the hessian tunic he wore. His name had been Bob, or Rob or something like that. And he had entered the last minute of life. “Dragonmeister?” Bob or Rob peered toward her but he was clearly bright-blind from the flare of the torch he carried. If he had been able to see anything at all he would have noticed the dragons, three Japanese and two Chinese, circling around him. “Are you there, Mistress Georgianna? The island has visitors. We’re called on by the esteemed Thane Vortigern of Merioneth who comes he—” He didn’t get to complete the sentence. A Japanese exhaled. Its breath caught the flame from the torch and ignited. The fire seared the ginger hair from the hostler’s head. Before he could properly start to scream a second Japanese dragon had acted quickly and ripped his tunic away. The sound of aged and leathery wings flapped indolently in the shadows. The dragons looked lemony-white in the glow of their own burning breath. The scene was ghoulishly played out for George as a brightly lit testimony to hostler stupidity. Momentarily she stood riveted as the dragons snatched at him and nipped at him. The Chinese clawed. The Japanese snorted fire. The hostler was naked and bleeding and weeping and screaming. His hands flailed in a pathetic attempt to keep the beasts away. His sobs were mercifully inarticulate. If he had called for her by name George would have felt guilty for abandoning him. A Chinese slashed at him with five-clawed talons. Black-red lines opened across his abdomen. And then the hostler’s screaming ended. George turned away and fled. The hostler had been beyond help before the dragons attacked. Going in to save him would only have ended her own life. Even if her work did not necessitate the gift of second sight, she would have known that much from having worked with orientals through her adult life. As she burst through the temple doorway from the catacomb, she was adamant that someone would tell her how a mistake like this had happened. And she was adamant that the person responsible would pay. “Dragonmeister Georgianna of Roxburghshire?” The man was tall and handsome. A pair of wyvern glowered down at him with characteristic suspicion. George motioned for the dragons to stand at ease. Obedient, the beasts relented from their stiff posture. They continued to strike a menacing pose but neither looked likely to eviscerate the visitor. The stranger was dressed in the polished silver armor of a lowland warrior. His shield was decorated with the emblem of a blood red snake. Because he stood a head taller than her, George felt a little threatened and intimidated. Defiantly, she threw back her shoulders. She met the challenge of his leering stare. Whether she was dealing with a truculent caco or a visiting warrior, she knew the secret to remaining in control was with a display of confidence. Of course, it didn’t help that she was near-naked. Save for the leather thong she wore whilst working in the catacombs George was unclothed. Any other type of garment could have likely given away her presence to the vicious oriental dragons. They would have heard the rustle of hessian skirts or the scratch of denim trousers on her thighs. They would have smelled the feral memories of animal stink on full leathers or protective furs. Hostlers were used to seeing George’s bare-breasted presence on the island. When she was escaping the catacombs she looked no more undressed than the temple prostitutes. But she was aware that there were circumstances when her state of near-nudity could sometimes send out the wrong message to the island’s occasional visitors. And this was clearly one of those circumstances. “How enchanting,” the stranger breathed. He stepped closer and cupped her right breast with his left hand. His fingers were warm against her cool flesh. His thumb absently stroked the nipple. She was jolted by a sting of unwanted pleasure. As the treacherous bead of flesh grew stiff she slapped his hand away. He looked hurt. His eyes flared. There was a curl to his upper lip that turned his appearance from attractive to cruel. She noticed the narrowing of his brow. “Vortigern?” she asked, raising an eyebrow. It was the name the hostler had used in the easternmost catacomb. “Is that who you are?” He looked perplexed by the informality of her address. If he was Thane Vortigern of Merioneth then the rules of cordiality dictated that she should address him with the full honorifics of his status. He was titled gentry and she was only a lowly dragonmeister. But George was still angry at having witnessed the unnecessary death of the apprentice hostler. And she strongly suspected that Vortigern was responsible for the tragedy. “Thane Vortigern of Merioneth,” he corrected. “Are you the shit-for-brains that sent a hostler down to summon me from my duties in the catacombs?” Vortigern’s lips thinned. He looked as though he had been slapped. “I am Thane Vortigern of Merioneth,” he told her. “I sent your hostler down to summon you from your duties, dragonmeister. But you’re being visited by a nobleman and his attendant retinue. I think that the civilities of ceremony and greeting are a little more important than counting livestock and sweeping dung.” She bit back the response she wanted to make. The apprentice hostler’s life had been far more important than any demonstration of ceremony. But a gnawing sense of danger tingled at the back of her neck. Having worked with dragons long enough to have developed the gift of second sight, she trusted such instincts. “What business do you have here, Vortigern?” she asked coldly. He extended a hand. It was the same hand that had stroked her breast. “I have been sent by your laird, Caleb the wolf slayer. He has granted permission for me to visit here and oversee an exchange of treasures.” Vortigern paused. His eyes sparkled. “Aboard my ship I hold Y Ddraig Goch, the red dragon.” George muttered a squeak of delight. She strained to look past Vortigern’s shoulder in the hope she would be able to see down to the harbor and catch a glimpse of his ship. “The red dragon?” she breathed. “The Welsh dragon?” Without thinking, she took hold of his hand. The moment’s prophecy flashed at the back of her eyes. Vortigern had killed Caleb the wolf slayer. She could see the lowland warrior decapitating her laird with a single stroke from a steel broadsword. Vortigern’s men had pillaged Roxburghshire. All that remained were smoldering huts and a handful of bewildered womenfolk and children. In her mind’s eye she could see the charred buildings with smoke spiraling up from their remnants. And now Vortigern was here to inveigle his way past the wyvern and plunder the treasures from Caleb’s fiefdom. Her heartbeat quickened. She could sense that Vortigern had said something but she had no idea what. It struck her that she needed to keep her newfound knowledge from the warrior. If Vortigern learnt that she knew he had murdered Caleb and destroyed the fiefdom, he would not bother with the pretense of cordiality. And, George knew, it was only a pretense of cordiality that would allow her to survive this encounter. “Y Ddraig Goch,” she said carefully. She forced herself to smile for him. “That is the Welsh dragon, isn’t it? The red dragon?” “The very same.” Vortigern smiled. “It’s a gift from my people to Caleb. He said you would be able to make better use of it here.’” “It’s a very generous gift,” George told him. “Thane Vortigern of Merioneth is clearly a man of immeasurable generosity.’” For a moment she thought his frown was skeptical. She wondered if she had overdone the praise for his generosity and if he knew that she suspected his treachery. Then the expression of suspicion had disappeared. He was smiling at her bared breasts again with lecherous approval. “I’m not a man of immeasurable generosity,” he admitted. “In return for the gift of Y Ddraig Goch, your laird said I could expect two things.” “Two things?” George raised an eyebrow. She still held Vortigern’s hand and noticed that it grew warm in hers. The sensation was pleasant. Disquietingly arousing. “What might those two things be?” she asked. “Caleb said my men could retrieve gold to the weight of Y Ddraig Goch to fill my ship’s hold.” George nodded. There was no way the wyvern would allow Vortigern to plunder the vaults of the treasury and he clearly knew as much. But, if George granted him and his retinue permission to take gifts, the lowland warrior would be able to steal whatever he pleased. Knowing that she had to play this carefully if she wanted to survive the encounter, George asked, “What is the other thing that Caleb promised you?” Vortigern stared poignantly at her bare breasts. “He promised your hospitality.” The words hung between them like a challenge. “The pleasure of bestowing that gift will be all mine,” she told him. Stepping closer to the thane, pressing her nearly naked body against him, she stood on toes to get her mouth close to his. The polished silver of his armor was cool against her bare body. Yet, when she shivered, she knew the response was coming from arousal rather than cold. Being dragonmeister of Gatekeeper Island was a lonely existence. Aside from the annual visit from Caleb, there was no one with whom she could have a relationship. The apprentice hostlers were young boys – unable to satisfy the needs and demands of a woman’s body. The temple prostitutes made for interesting distractions, but the experiences they provided were more spiritual than physical. And there were times when George yearned for something that was purely physical. Vortigern, male, powerful and domineering, offered the prospect of something that was physically satisfying. His hand had returned to her breast. As they kissed she felt his tongue slide serpent-like into her mouth. She raised one leg, smoothing her thigh against his hip and urging herself close to him as she savored his arousal. The thrust of his manliness jutted from the crotch of his pants. “Thane Vortigern,” she murmured. Her voice had fallen to a husky whisper. “It feels like you’re ready to welcome my hospitality.” “You’re comfortable with us fucking in a temple?” She stroked the bulge of his excitement through his pants, enjoying the heat that radiated from him. He sounded doubtful about the prospect of sex in a temple but she supposed some of the lowland religions had strange attitudes about acceptable communion in plain view of the deities. She knew there were some churches that condemned sex as immoral, and others that deemed ecumenical orgies a necessity for proper worship. Her personal belief was that sex was a gift from the gods. It didn’t matter where it took place so long as the experience was enjoyed by everyone involved. “Follow me to the altar,” she insisted. She led him by the hand. “We’ll be more comfortable there.” He unbuckled the harness that held his chest armor in place and then removed his hauberk. Beneath she saw his flesh was clean-shaven and glossy with manly perspiration. The sight made her inner muscles clench with greedy sexual hunger. When he removed his helmet, and brushed a hand through his sweat-moistened curls, her need for him intensified. He glanced up toward the golden architecture. The walls were lined with stone dragons. The altar was guarded by two wyvern who stepped aside as George led Vortigern past them. “I’ve never fucked in a temple before,” he grunted. She pushed him onto the altar and then tugged the pants from his legs. Exposed, his length was as formidable as she had hoped it would be. He possessed a broadsword of an erection that was long and thick and looked like it would be a fearsome weapon for the battle she intended. Unable to resist the impulse, George leant close to him and drew her tongue against his exposed skin. He tasted of salt and desire. The smell of him filled her nostrils with animal hunger. “Rhyfeddol,” he gasped. She chuckled. She didn’t know the word but she could guess it was a term of approval. Placing her mouth around him she sucked on his swollen end for a moment until his eyes were wide and his grin was broad. Then she climbed on top of him. It was a slow journey. She made sure her bare breasts caressed his body as she moved. He had clearly been admiring them when she appeared from the catacombs. She suspected that he would enjoy having them stroke against his bare skin. But she could see that he was also interested in her nether regions. Tugging the crotch of her thong to one side she exposed the bare lips for him and moved closer to straddling his manliness. “Prydferth,” he said, reaching out to touch her. His fingers fell into the crease of her need-oily skin. One broad digit disappeared into her warmth. Another slipped beside it, stretching her wide. A fat thumb stroked against the nub of flesh that she considered the root of all sensation. Her breath quickened. She regarded Vortigern with new esteem. The explosion of sensation he inspired was more profound than anything she had enjoyed with any man previously. She reached for the base of his length and clutched him tight. His fingers sparked bolts of delicious magic from the lips of her sex. She had expected their union would be perfunctory – a civic formality of dominance and acquiescence. But it seemed that Vortigern was one of those rare men who believed in the benefits of shared pleasure. Unable to resist the unspoken invitation of his lips, she pressed her mouth over his and kissed. Slowly, they worked their bodies together. She held his length and guided it toward the sopping need of her sex. His fingers stretched her lightly, preparing her for the broad girth of his manliness. And, when he finally entered her, they both sighed heavily with the satisfaction of bliss. Vortigern allowed her to sit adrift his length as he toyed with the swell of one breast. His finger and thumb squeezed and rolled at an acutely responsive nipple. “Dragonmeister,” he sighed. “You should give up your position here. You should come and live with me in the lowlands. You could care for my estates. I could rehome your livestock in my catacombs. And we could play like this whenever it suited your desires.” “Sex talk,” she laughed softly. She knew a man would say whatever he believed a woman wanted to hear whilst she was straddling him. Vortigern shook his head. He continued to tease her nipple with one hand. His other hand slipped to her rump. His fingers smoothed over her rear and slipped saucily close to the union of their bodies. She could feel the syrupy lips of her sex bristling to the light caress of his touch. “It’s a serious invitation,” he promised. She was pleased to hear that his breath was ragged with passion. Despite the import of his words, the pleasure she inspired was having an obvious effect. It was a testament to her skills in the womanly art of lovemaking that she was able to distract a thane from his purpose. “Rescind your loyalty to Caleb,” he suggested. “Pledge fealty to Merioneth and I’ll install you as the fiefdom’s dragonmeister.” George raised and lowered her hips. Sliding her sex along his length took her close to the impending eruption. She caught a breath and held it as the waves of excitement flooded through her flesh. And she tried not to be tempted by the offer he presented. The gift of second sight was showing her the future he promised. If she did as Vortigern asked she would be installed in the scenic splendor of a lowland country estate. There would be catacombs for her to patrol and countless weyrs of wyvern, víbría, and Y Ddraig Goch. She would spend her days with dragons and her nights with Vortigern. The sun’s pleasures would only be outshone by the intensity of the night’s passions. All it would take was for her to renege on the loyalty she had once pledged to a man who had been her lover and was now dead. A tear trailed down her cheek. The ripple of pleasure flooded through her body. She bit back a scream, knowing the gods of the temple did not approve of such demonstrations of satisfaction. Vortigern’s length erupted inside her. The copious rush of his molten seed flooded her womb. Another surge of raw delight rushed through her flesh. This time, uncaring as to whether or not the gods approved, George screamed. Trembling, she peeled herself away from Vortigern. She gave his spent length a kiss of gratitude. He tasted of their mingled pleasures. It was a flavor she savored as she licked her lips. And she knew she had already made her decision in response to his invitation. It was an easy decision to make. “There is the temple doorway to the fiefdom treasures of Caleb the wolf slayer,” she said, pointing. “Take your retinue with you to collect your gold,” she added quickly. “Carry as much as you can. Break your men’s backs with the weight of the gold they carry because the wyvern will only allow safe passage the once.” Vortigern nodded as he dressed. First he donned his pants. Then his boots. Then the hauberk and finally his armor. “Your honesty is appreciated,” he admitted. “And my offer to you is an honest one. If you pledge fealty to Merioneth, you can reside as dragonmeister in my fiefdom. Your skills would be appreciated and well rewarded.” And I would be whoring my skills to the man who slew my lover and the laird who trusted me with the safekeep of his dragons, she thought bitterly. Aloud, she asked, “May I consider the generosity of your offer whilst you’re retrieving your gold?” His retinue approached. They held torches dripping with the burning tar. “Consider the offer and know I’ll stay true to my word.” He strode to the doorway she had indicated. It was barred by a pair of wyvern. George gestured for the wyvern to stand down. Obedient, the beasts relented from their stiff posture. His retinue started toward the doorway but Vortigern stopped them. He fixed her with a warning finger. “I get the impression you’ve lied to me.” She shook her head. “We’ve lain together, Thane Vortigern of Merioneth. You’d know if I’d lied to you. I can place my hand on my heart and say I haven’t lied to you once.” He considered this and then seemed appeased. Brushing her cheek with an apologetic kiss he motioned for his retinue to continue. A true leader, he snatched a torch of burning tar and led the way. George watched him hasten into the shadows. A sad smile played on her lips. She hadn’t lied to him once. She had lied to him at least three times. She had lied when she said the wyverns would only allow safe passage once. That had simply been a ruse to ensure that Vortigern and his entire retinue followed her instructions and went through the doorway. She had lied when she said she would consider his offer. Her loyalty would always be to Caleb the wolf slayer, even though the laird was now dead and his fiefdom destroyed. But, most importantly for Vortigern, she had lied by sending him to retrieve treasure through that particular doorway. There was no treasure in the easternmost catacombs where he was now headed. In the easternmost catacombs there was only the mortal danger of the orientals. It was a mortal danger that, she knew, neither Vortigern nor his retinue would survive. 