Yeah, that’s right: all my lovers, past and present, and it’s not a big room either. This could be a horror story, and maybe it is because I can’t see the ending from here. There are thirty-seven men and two women but, even without counting, I know someone is missing. Fancy him being late for my deathbed! Ba-dum. Baaaah. Dum. I’m wired to a machine showing my heartbeat’s on the wane. As if I didn’t know. But I’m hanging in there, hoping he’ll appear any moment. Besides, I have decades left to spare although my body begs to differ. To stay focused, I check out the room, mentally putting names to faces: Lucas McGrath, Benedict Purcell (who lost the tip of his little finger in an accident with a glass), Joe Miller and the scruffy blond with the tattoo on his inner wrist . . . Dave, Mark, Mike? Some ordinary, monosyllabic name like that. He was a drunken one-night stand and I adored him for a whole weekend so I suggested we meet again, because you do, don’t you, when it’s been good, hey let’s meet again, and he said, “Don’t bother, I’ll only fuck you about.” So I didn’t bother. I can take a hint and I have no patience for games. Jason Davis who made me squirt for the first time. Saleem Hasan, a third-generation Asian guy with a tireless tongue. A beautiful Dutch man on a beach in Sardinia at midnight, moonlight on the waves like this was the movies and sand in my asscrack like it wasn’t. Alec – surname escapes me – who declared himself a bondage enthusiast but used knots more suited to a parcel. Still, I couldn’t fault him for his enthusiasm (ouch!) and he never claimed to be an expert, did he? Daniel Marcus Frederick Thornton, aka Dan, Danny, Danno, sweetheart, darling, the love of my life for four and a half years, and proof I’m not suited to monogamy. And look, there’s Rob, another long-termer, poor sod. He was a competitive cyclist who shaved his legs more often than I did. Still no sign of my Charlie. Charlie King. King by name, king by nature. I’m concerned he’ll pitch up late as per usual, horny but unhurried, tugging his tie loose and pulling plugs from the wall so he can recharge his BlackBerry and his laptop. And poof! He’ll unplug the life support or whatever I’m hooked up to and it’ll be all over for me, bar the burning or the burial. You know that white light you hear rumours of? A glorious white light at the end of a tunnel, brighter than anything you’ve known; a huge sense of tranquillity and long-lost family members awaiting you with open arms? Here’s a tip: avoid the family. Hang a sharp left before the exit and you’ll find yourself in an antechamber with all your flings, exes and casual fucks. I realize it’s not ideal (and some may prefer the family option) but if you want to buy yourself some extra time, it’s a way to duck the point of no return and to avoid all those uncles you couldn’t shake off at weddings. The woman we had a threesome with (at Charlie’s request – although to be honest, he practically begged me) is chatting to the chick I had sex with as a student because I thought it would make me cool. I suppose I used them both. I wonder if they’re discussing me but figure I’m of little interest to either woman these days. If Charlie were here, he’d be hoping they were about to give us a floor show. He could be predictable like that, could Charlie. But Charlie’s not here, he never fucking is. Oh, Charlie! He was the whirlwind I spun from; the storm who thrilled me; the fucker who kept me waiting and wanting. But this time, his rotten punctuality really takes the biscuit. Charlie, I’m dying here! Don’t tell me you’re stuck in a meeting and don’t try texting me either. I’m at death’s door, capisce? I can’t get a signal. I need you here and I need you now. I would never have said that to him in life, would never say “need” because I don’t believe in need. There’s only “want” unless it’s life-threatening. But hey, it pretty much is right now! Tick tock tick tock. And then I feel him approach. I’m like an animal sensing an earthquake before the tectonic plates have shifted. Hairs ripple on the back of my neck and my blood sets up a pulse in my cunt. A thousand and one butterflies dance in my stomach. Oh Charlie, you divine bastard. I smell him first. He smells so real, so intimate. He’s the essence of life knocking for six the stink of sterility in my nostrils. I catch the scent of his neck, the aroma of warm skin spliced with muted notes of aftershave and the worn, laundered cotton of his collar. I get the tang of city traffic, fumes and hot rubber, then paperwork like linen and the metallic whiff of cheap, blue ink on his fingers. Maybe my nose is super-sensitive now the rest of me’s shutting down but I think I smell the tabby cat he stroked en route to work that morning, the sun-baked wheat fields in the pasta he ate for supper last night, the heat of his cock in his palm, the spill of his come, the mountain breeze from the Alpine holiday we said we’d go on one day. Or perhaps that’s his fabric conditioner. I don’t know. I breathe him in, wanting to consume all the scents he acquired while he was busy doing other things, living a life I know so little about. Tinker, tailor, soldier, spy. No, he’s not a spy. He just acts like one. “The name’s King,” I like to say, “Charlie King.” If he’d been more available to me, I don’t know what I’d have done. I might have lost interest but I doubt it. Time and again I tried to let go, move on, find a man who could topple him but how to let go when something’s got you in its grip? Ah, and there, now, the softness of his lips, like angels and feathers as he teases with his hello: kiss, murmur, kiss, his fingers sliding down my neck with a tenderness that’s menacingly, enchantingly possessive. Those fingers say more than any words could: I own you, you’re mine. And already, I feel myself becoming small, vulnerable and blissfully free, disappearing into the magnificence of Charlie King’s presence. Some people shape themselves to fit the world but where Charlie walks, the world rearranges itself like the Red Sea giving it up for Moses. Confidence, grace, integrity, humility. Charlie has these qualities in spades. If he weren’t so damn busy (too many ifs with Charlie), I might fall to my knees in permanent worship. But he is busy so I have to keep my distance. No, it’s not game-playing; I told you I’ve no time for that. It’s the art of self-protection. Nine years I’ve known Charlie. Oh sure, there have been others during this time, for him and for me, and years have gone by when we’ve never exchanged a word. But we keep coming back to each other because we can’t not. He is my magnetic north, my lodestar, the brightest light in my darkest sky. He is the place I am rooted. From head to toe, he has me. You know what they say about addicts? Once a smoker, always a smoker? It’s like that for me: once I’d been fucked by Charlie King, I was forever fucked by Charlie King. And that’s why I run. I don’t want anyone to have such a hold on me, especially not someone so elusive, so charming, so in tune with what I want. If I give it up for Charlie, I don’t know where I’d draw the line. My fear is I’d give him my everything. And then what? Supposing he didn’t give it back? Who would I be? I run three laps of the park before breakfast each day. I do fun runs, 10K races and half-marathons. I put my earphones in and I run to find my strength. I run to get high. I run to get away. Treadmills don’t do it for me. I need to know I’m moving. But right now I’m going nowhere fast because Charlie King is with me. He’s checking out the room, his black-brown eyes sweeping over the motley crew of assembled heads. A glimmer of playfulness lights up his face and I say, “Oh no, Charlie, why didn’t I see that coming? No. But yes and oh God, I’m not sure it’s appropriate with the Grim Reaper watching. Oh really, I can’t Charlie but . . . How is it you know me better than I know myself ?” “Turn around,” he says softly. “I don’t like your hair that way.” I have my hair pinned up in a loose bun studded with diamante pins. Years down the line and I still put effort into looking good for Charlie, even when I’m practically a ghost. Charlie, patient, steady and only slightly rough, stuffs his fingers into the knot, starts unpicking its understructure. It takes him a while. He tugs and shakes. Glass beads rain down like cheap tears. I am being dismantled. “Better,” says Charlie. He fluffs at my hair and smiles. I can”t smile back because I’m dazed with desire. “So beautiful,” he says and I believe him, in part because he’s also so very beautiful to me. When he smiles, crow’s feet crinkle around his eyes. He’s ageing well but nothing dents that boyish sense of mischief. I look at him looking at me. Our mutual appreciation is like a mirror to a mirror, running into infinity. We’re surrounded by people but there”s only us here, reflecting each other until the end of time. He winds his fingers in my hair, forming a fist at the nape of my neck. Slowly he pulls, forcing my head back, making my scalp prickle. He gives a sharp jerk of warning and his teeth are gritted when he murmurs in my ear, “So. Fucking. Beautiful.” Right back atcha, Charlie boy. “Why do you always do this to me?” he asks. Another tug. “Why do you make my dick so hard?” He does this, makes it seem as if his horniness is my fault and he’s going to make me pay for it. As ever, I’m happy to pay. But I can see what’s coming next and I’ve never paid quite so much. But then I’ve never been quite so close to death before. Charlie undresses me and undresses himself. He’s not a guy who needs to stay suited and booted to be bossman. If Charlie wants to be naked, Charlie strips. His thighs are superb, their big curves of muscle scooping in to meet the taut, succulent globes of his butt. They are the thighs of a gladiator and when he lowers my mouth to his swollen cock, I cup my hands to their bulk. I feel safe there, Charlie guiding my head back and forth, me clasping the power of those almighty thighs. He sweeps back a lock of my hair, hooking it behind one ear. “Good girl,” he says affectionately. I keep on sucking, gratified by his groans of pleasure. He never plays it cool, does Charlie. He likes to enjoy himself and revels in how willingly I provide for his needs. “I’m doing this for you, you know that?” he says. Again, so gentle, so caring. I don’t trust his tone one jot. I say nothing. My mouth’s kinda full. Charlie squeezes his fist in my hair. “You know that?” he repeats, more demanding this time. I mumble an affirmative, nodding on his cock. “Good girl,” he murmurs. From the corner of my eye, I see them moving to gather around us in a ragged half-circle. Some of them are naked, fists slipping idly on their eager cocks. It’s not easy to tell who’s who. All I can say with any certainty is that these men, while not very organized about it, are forming a queue. Charlie’s tone changes as he addresses the room: clear, confident although not particularly loud. He knows they’re all listening. He commands attention effortlessly. “Who’s first?” he asks. I moan around his cock. At my centre, I am simultaneously insubstantial and fleshy, a cavernous ache and a hard, thudding pulse. I break from Charlie and glance over my shoulder. It’s the scruffy blond, Mr I-Will-Fuck-You-About. Charlie draws me back to him, filling my mouth again. “It doesn’t matter who it is,” he says, calm and self-assured. “Just keep sucking.” I’m not quite wet and ready enough. The blond’s cock is blunt at my entrance. He nudges at my flesh, presses and pushes until he finds the right angle, then he slides into my tightness. His fucking shunts me onto Charlie’s cock and, soon enough, we get a rhythm going where I’m swaying between them both, and where deep in my cunt means deep in my throat. “You like that?” asks Charlie. It’s a rhetorical question. Blondie grips my ass, pounding hard, making me wet, and when his grunts grow more urgent I remember how red his face turned when he came, how the sinews in his neck stood out. He withdraws when he’s finished and slaps one buttock, a satisfied customer. I’m empty for a few seconds before someone else takes his place, slotting home and slamming fast. I am soaked. Charlie slips out of my mouth and drops down to my level. He tucks his fingers under my chin, lifting me so I look at him, eye to eye. I gasp and groan while the guy behind me comes too quickly, apologizing with a laugh. Charlie’s gaze is still fixed on mine. Another guy fills me, slowly this time, resting his thick length inside me, nudging and teasing until I can’t bear it any longer. “Please,” I gasp, half at Charlie, half at the ceiling. “Please fuck me, please fuck me hard.” The man doesn’t, of course, not until he’s gotten his rocks off on me begging for it. Charlie strokes hair from my damp face. “That’s right,” he says, “ask them nicely.” I start to lose count around six or seven. It doesn’t seem much, I know, but either someone pulls out and re-penetrates or the changeover is fast and I’m suddenly confused. Also, my concentration is shot. I am too fucked to count. I barely know my own name. I try to recall it and for a moment I think I’m Charlie, Charlie King. But no, I’m Ruby, aren’t I? I’m Ruby, Ruby, Ruby. I think he’s calling for me, I hear his voice. Ruby! Oh, but his lips don’t move and as if Charlie would call for me. As if! Ruby in the sky with diamonds. That’s what he used to say. Or Ruby Red, on account of my red hair. Sometimes, I was simply Red. Ruby! I’m on all fours and my arms are growing weak. I want to sink forward but Charlie holds me steady. At some point, he clasps my cheek to his belly, caressing my head as another guy drives into me. “Shhh,” he says, “there, there.” Some finish fast while others linger. I can’t be sure but I think my long-term exes and the two women sit it out. Strangely, in all of this, it feels as if Charlie is the one fucking me. He whispers in my ear, “We’re going to keep going till you’re exhausted, OK?” I manage to nod. “Who do you belong to?” asks Charlie. My voice is made of ashes. “You,” I say, “always you.” The final two guys penetrate my ass because Charlie tells them they can. I cry out. I am so high and lost. I feel there’s nothing left of me but something is waiting, a place untouched, a shadow in the corner of a shadow. And here’s Charlie, ready to find me in those shadows. He flips me over and pushes my legs back. He sinks into my cunt, slow and controlled. I think his cock must be solid gold because somehow he is more to me than all the guys who went before him. He is harder, thicker, deeper, and with every thrust, he reclaims me. His eyes are locked on mine, watching how I melt beneath him. Soon, there’s only me and him, and I’m not even sure of the difference any more. My boundaries have gone. Whatever I used to have – my self, my soul, my psyche – is spreading beyond me into galaxies unknown. Then, for a single, pure point of impossible flight, the white light burns and I vanish. I’m nowhere, existing only as ecstasy, transcendence. I am bigger than all the heavens and I’m coming so hard. “Hush,” says Charlie. “Everything’s fine, take it easy.” He’s holding my hand, looking down at me, his brow pinched with concern. His collar is open, tie askew. His dark eyes are black holes, my event horizon. I try to smile but I can’t find my face. “Hello, Ruby. We thought we’d lost you back there,” says another voice. A woman, brisk, efficient, cheerful. A nurse. Oh, I’m in hospital, of course I am. Charlie’s chopped my legs off. No, don’t be stupid, he likes your legs, likes that you have them. The curtain around the bed is the same royal blue as the carpets in an office where I once worked. The reality of dying is so prosaic. I hate those fucking curtains. But I’m not here to die, no, I’m too young. I struggle to remember, then it comes to me, sharp as sanity: a routine operation on my Achille’s tendon. Yawn. Why all the fuss? Why’s Charlie here? Do we have a date? “They called me,” he says, although I haven’t asked. “There were complications.” Yeah, that’s you and me all over, Charlie. Facebook status: It’s complicated. The nurse leans into view. “Your heart melted,” she says, smiling. “We’ve stabilized it now so no need to fret. You still have some leakage around the left ventricle. Could be permanent but it shouldn’t interfere with your quality of life. You need to take it easy for a while.” She laughs merrily. “And since your leg’s in plaster, you haven’t got much choice!” Charlie smiles. He looks beat, so tired. “At last,” he whispers. “I caught you. I netted the wind.” He gives my hand a squeeze, warm, reassuring and on the edge of painful. I’m tired too. My head sinks into my pillow and everything becomes clear: I am Ruby, full of my own life, a jewel shining brightly, and fit for my king. 