It was my friend Annie who put me on to it. ‘Come on, Frances, why don’t you give it a try, you could lose some weight.’ ‘You cheeky cow.’ ‘No, seriously, there are some fit blokes there, I promise you.’ She was right, I could lose a few pounds but the suggestion of some interesting men was the more telling pull. So, on a Saturday morning, I turned up with Annie at the local cycling club. There were only four women but about fifteen blokes. A good ratio, and the men all looked fit, lean and lithe. Annie introduced me to a few of them. They were polite, attentive and likeable. I’d already made up my mind … I liked cycling. There was one man I noticed. He was talking to two other women and, although I couldn’t tell what they were saying, I knew by their body language that they were flirting outrageously. He was good-looking and he knew it. Yeah, I thought , he’s an arrogant sod. But I couldn’t stop my eyes being drawn towards him. I was a little irritated that, out of all the men there, he was the only one who hadn’t even looked in my direction. A little later, an older guy told us all to mount up. He put us into groups for twenty, ten and five mile distances. Annie and I were the only two in the five mile group. I felt a little inadequate, although, if truth be told, I wasn’t sure that five miles wouldn’t kill me. ‘Don’t worry, girls,’ said the older guy, ‘a few weeks and you’ll be up to the ten mile runs.’ He turned and shouted to Mr Arrogant. ‘Hey, Peter, are you going to keep an eye on these today?’ Peter nodded, looked at me and smiled. Who does he think he is? I thought, but my heart was racing. We all started off at the same time but soon lost the others as they moved ahead. Embarrassingly, Annie too pulled away from me, having kindly stayed back for the first half mile. I was far too slow. ‘No, go on,’ I shouted, ‘you go ahead, I’ll be fine.’ It wasn’t long before I was totally alone, puffing away and feeling a little silly. Then Mr Arrogant turns up. ‘Hi, getting a bit difficult?’ he smiled. ‘No, I’m fine, just haven’t been cycling for years.’ ‘That’s the spirit, keep it up.’ He fell in behind me and began chatting away. All I could think about was how I must look from behind. But after a while I found myself chatting back to him, he wasn’t arrogant at all. We got back well before the others. ‘Better take it easy for the first few times, ease yourself into it,’ said Peter as he parked his bike against a wall. I felt a little bit mean about my earlier judgment. ‘I hope I haven’t ruined your ride?’ ‘No, I went out earlier today, I’ve already done my miles.’ ‘I must say you look incredibly fit.’ Was I flirting? ‘I love being out in the open,’ he said. ‘I love the fresh air and there’s some beautiful countryside around here. If you’re serious about cycling, I’d love to show you some of the routes. We could take it easy at first, build up slowly?’ ‘I’d like that,’ I said , trying not to sound too enthusiastic. Peter smiled. ‘OK, then. What about tomorrow morning? Weather looks good.’ ‘That’d be great.’ I normally have a lie in on Sunday mornings but I wasn’t about to miss an opportunity like this. I told Annie on the way home. ‘I’d be careful,’ she said, ‘he’ll try it on with you given half a chance. He’s only after one thing.’ ‘Thanks,’ I said, ‘I’ll remember that.’ Great, I thought. The following morning, I took a bit more care over my appearance. We’d arranged to meet at the club. I got there first and watched as Peter rode up on his racing bike. He was a superb specimen. He was tanned, wearing black lycra cycling shorts and a yellow lycra top. They looked as though they’d been sprayed on and accentuated his muscled thighs. He pulled up beside me, smiling. ‘You’re looking good, all ready for a long ride?’ He had a twinkle in his eye. ‘I’ll do my best,’ I said. ‘I’m a little stiff from yesterday. I don’t suppose you get stiff too often?’ Peter laughed. He got off his bike and lay it on the ground. ‘Here,’ he said, coming up behind me, ‘let’s make sure your saddle’s the right height and you’re properly balanced.’ He stood astride the back wheel and leaned over my back, his arms extended over mine, his hands covering mine on the handlebars. His deep voice was soft in my ear as he explained the correct posture and a few other things. But I wasn’t listening. I’d gone into a kind of daze, acutely aware of his arms and body around me. I wanted him to fuck me. I was disappointed when he pulled away. ‘Come on then, let’s get started.’ He got on his bike. ‘Remember,’ he said, a wicked look in his eye, ‘it’s just a matter of rhythm, all riding’s about rhythm. Once we get the rhythm right everything will come easily and you’ll feel like riding for ever.’ He laughed. Stop playing with me, I thought, please, you can have me anytime. ‘OK,’ he said, mounting his bike, ‘Let’s get out to the countryside, it’s a beautiful day.’ And it was, a warm, clear skied, fresh, spring day. I followed Peter. After several miles we’d left the town behind and were in open countryside. The views were beautiful, particularly the one in front of me. Every so often, Peter would raise his bottom from the saddle in order to get a bit more power up a hill. From my vantage point I could see the ‘V’ of his back, narrowing from his broad shoulders to his narrow hips, and a cute, firm bottom bobbing up and down. Lucky old bike, I thought. During a particularly arduous hill climb, Peter looked back over his shoulder at me. ‘Just up the top of the hill and we’ll stop for a break.’ At the top of the hill he was waiting for me. Despite using the lowest gear, I’d had to dismount halfway up the hill and walk the rest of the way. Peter met me, smiling. ‘You’ve done really well,’ he said, and I felt rather proud of myself. He locked up the bikes, took me by the hand and he led me, on a pathway, through some trees. There was a beautiful smell of spring in the air, the greenery and blossom adding a faint perfume to the freshness. The canopy of trees had darkened and cooled the track that we walked along. We didn’t speak. I was enjoying the physical contact, my hand in his, and the surrounding silence. After a short distance we broke through the trees and the effect was exhilarating. We were at the top of a hill and stretching out in front of us were miles of unspoilt countryside, resting beneath a blue sky. ‘Wow, that’s beautiful,’ I exclaimed. Peter, who was still holding my hand, pulled me close to him and put his arm around my shoulder. We stood for about a minute, just taking in the view. My heart was thumping. I’d responded by putting my arm around his waist. I slipped my hand down and rested it on his bottom. I was feeling as randy as hell. Peter turned and kissed me. It was a long, sensuous kiss. He broke away. ‘Lift up your arms.’ I did as I was told. He pulled my tennis shirt over my head, reached around and unclasped my bra. ‘Wow,’ he said, ‘what lovely breasts, perfect nipples.’ He reached out and, with both hands, gently caressed and squeezed my nipples. I felt pulses of pleasure. ‘Oh, that feels wonderful, don’t stop.’ He continued for a while then bent his head down and began to lick and suck my breasts. Now, fully aroused, I broke away and took off the remainder of my clothes, wriggling sensuously as I removed my track suit bottoms. Naked, I put my arms back around his neck and we kissed. This time the kissing was more urgent. Peter ran his hands up and down my back. He caressed and squeezed my bottom. Again, I broke away. ‘Come on, your turn to strip off.’ Peter crossed his arms and pulled his lycra top over his head. I stepped back and let out an appreciative sigh before stepping forward and running my hands over his chest and shoulders. We began kissing again. The soft breeze felt like another pair of hands caressing me. I broke away, knelt down and peeled his tight lycra shorts down over his thighs. His cock, like a bent sapling, sprang out in front of me. ‘God,’ I laughed, ‘this spring air certainly helps things grow.’ He didn’t respond but looked at me, expectantly. I didn’t disappoint. I ran my tongue slowly up and down the length of his cock, stopping occasionally at the base to take his balls in my mouth. I gently sucked them while I caressed the head of his cock with one hand and stroked a muscled thigh with the other. I then gripped both thighs and took the end of his cock into my mouth and delicately massaged the tip with my lips and tongue. Peter was now holding my head in his hands and letting out short gasps of breath. I took my mouth from his cock, admiring the purple head which was now glistening from the reflected sunlight. I gripped it with both hands and looked up at him. ‘So, what about this riding lesson you were going to give me?’ I stood up, walked several paces away from him, found a thickly grassed area and got down on all fours. ‘Now then,’ I said, ‘if I remember rightly, this is the correct riding position.’ I stretched my elbows in front of me, so that my face was almost touching the floor, then I raised my bottom high in the air and wiggled it seductively. ‘Is this the right way?’ I said, innocently. I’d never felt so randy. I got no verbal reply but felt hands gripping my hips and we both gasped as his cock filled me. He began to fuck me slowly and I felt his hands caressing my bottom and thighs. I looked ahead of me and felt a tremendous sense of liberation. Here I was, stark naked, in beautiful, open countryside, the warm sun on my body, a soft breeze caressing me and a beautiful man fucking me. I began to moan, then shout, the noise fading into the distance. At first, I moved rhythmically with him but as his thrusts became more urgent and powerful I leaned forward, stretching out my arms and gripping handfuls of grass to stabilise myself. I rested my head on the ground, taking in the fragrance of the grass as I felt strong waves of pleasure wash over me. I felt Peter’s grip tighten around my hips as he, too, reached orgasm. Afterwards, we cuddled on the soft grass for a while before getting dressed. I was thankful that the journey back was mostly downhill, I felt knackered. Peter confided in me several days later. ‘I’ve been cycling for years and that’s the first time I’ve ever made love in the open.’ I didn’t believe him, but he was adamant. Anyway, he says he’s determined to develop this new aspect of the sport and I’m determined to help him. We’ve already fucked in several well known beauty spots. We call it ‘Faffing about’ (Fresh Air Fucking). Annie asked me recently whether I was going on holiday this year. ‘Yeah, I’m going cycling with Peter.’ ‘Anywhere in particular?’ ‘Not really, we’re just cycling from place to place, see where we end up. You know, just generally faffing about.’ She didn’t seem that interested. P.S. I’ve lost half a stone and I’m as fit as a fiddle. I’m not sure whether it’s the cycling or the Faffing. 