Adam and I had spent a wonderful, relaxing day together. Our vacations were few and far between, so we took advantage of every moment we could. We had driven all day, stopping at interesting places along the way, often pulling over to make love in a secluded grove of trees down some lonely side road. Now we were shopping for antiques in one of the quaintest little towns we had ever seen. We parked the car at the end of a strip of antique shops and set out walking. We weren’t looking to buy, only looking to look and to be with each other. Throughout the afternoon we browsed through old postcards and ceramics, played with antique wooden toys moulded by the hands of a hard-working farmer, and studied old quilts. Adam chuckled often at my enthusiasm. We didn’t even notice as the sun began to hide behind dark storm clouds. We were pulled out of our absorption with each other when a shopkeeper announced in a pleasant voice, ‘I’m so sorry, but we’re closing now.’ Adam and I held hands and hustled to the door, only to find that it was pouring rain outside. The storms had finally moved in. ‘I hope I rolled up the windows,’ Adam murmured, looking out at the rain. ‘Too late now,’ I said. The shopkeeper allowed us to stay for a few minutes, but it quickly became apparent that the rain wasn’t letting up anytime soon. In fact, the heavens seemed determined to drown everything beneath them. I finally turned to Adam and smiled up at him. ‘Wanna run through the rain?’ I teased him. ‘Just like we were kids again?’ Adam grinned down at me. ‘We’re not that old yet, are we?’ ‘You didn’t seem that old last night.’ He laughed. ‘Why not?’ We bid the shopkeeper a fond goodbye and raced out the door, holding hands and giggling like schoolchildren. We soon found that our plan had a little hitch; this wasn’t a gentle rain. It was hard and punishing, the drops stinging like needles on our bare legs and arms. Our laughter soon disappeared and we huddled together under a tiny awning that didn’t provide much protection. That’s when I looked up and saw the church. St Joseph’s Cathedral. Like all enormous Catholic churches, it was imposing and far too grand for the little town in which it resided. The soft glow through the stained glass indicated that we might find shelter there. The large rough bricks that built the façade were quickly darkening as they absorbed the moisture from the clouds. The door was huge, solid wood, and welcoming. ‘Adam!’ I yelled over the rush of the water flowing down the storm drains. ‘The church!’ He didn’t hesitate. We raced across the road and up the steep stairs, ducking our heads against the fury of the raindrops. He grabbed at one of the doors and pulled. Nothing. The second door swung wide and easily on large hinges. Cool air flowed out of the church as we stepped into the vestibule and stood looking at each other. Water dripped from Adam’s hair and down his nose, ran down his chin and dripped onto his chest. Puddles began to form under us. Adam sighed and shook his head. ‘Look at us,’ he laughed, holding his arms out from his body. Water dripped off of him in constant little plops. ‘At least we’re dry in here,’ I said. Adam reached for a choir robe that hung on a nearby hook, looking around to see that no one was watching. ‘Shhhh…’ he said to me as I took it from him and used it to dry off as best I could. Adam found another robe and used it to dry himself, then we hung them neatly back on their hooks. Somewhat presentable again, we walked from the vestibule into the outer chamber. We stood in silence, awed by the power of the place. The ceilings were three stories high, and arched with solid oak beams. The ceiling was covered with a mural of the Virgin Mary, and the stained glass windows on either side rose two stories before joining the mural in a cacophony of color and priceless artistry. Even the pews were lovely, obviously hand-carved out of expensive woods. Three steps led to the massive altar. An imposing crucifix hung as the focal point in the massive church. Adam, a sometimes devout Catholic, automatically dipped his fingers into the holy water at the back of the church and genuflected. He murmured something that was foreign to my Southern Baptist ears. His eyes were wide as he took in the church. ‘It’s beautiful, isn’t it?’ he whispered. ‘Absolutely,’ I agreed. ‘Let’s sit,’ he prompted. The pew was surprisingly comfortable. Adam pulled his rosary out of his pocket and played with it, turning it over and over in his hands as I lay my damp head on his damp shoulder. We didn’t speak; content to just look around for the longest time. I listened to his heartbeat and the silence. ‘Is anyone in here, you think?’ I asked him. ‘I’m sure someone is nearby.’ I trailed my hand up and down his thigh. Adam quietly fingered the beads of his rosary while I stroked his leg. Maybe it was the heathen in me that my Baptist preacher never could quite talk away, but I found myself growing wet at the very thought of fucking Adam in a church. I don’t know where the idea came from – maybe it was that polished table that boasted a long sentence in Latin, then below it: ‘Do this in remembrance of me.’ ‘Adam?’ ‘Hmmmm?’ He seemed to be almost asleep. ‘I want you.’ ‘To do what?’ he asked. I snickered. ‘No, silly. I want you.’ He looked down at me. I looked into his eyes, making sure he understood that I meant exactly what I said. ‘I want you to fuck me in this church.’ Adam started to laugh. I didn’t. He sobered very quickly. ‘You are serious,’ he stated flatly. In response, I took the rosary from his hand and pressed it hard to his crotch. He grew hard almost immediately, despite the wide-eyed look of astonishment in his eyes. I moved the smooth beads around the outside of his shorts, then slid them up inside the leg of them to press them against his balls. Adam’s hand covered mine to pull it away, and then he hesitated as I slid the beads up his hardening shaft. I circled my hand around his cock and laced my fingers through the rosary. I slid both up his body and he exhaled the breath he had been holding, groaning softly into my neck as he opened his mouth and bit down. I gasped in pleasure as the wetness started to grow between my thighs. ‘This is wrong,’ he protested half-heartedly. ‘Do you think so?’ I slid my hand up his shaft and pressed one rosary bead to the opening of his long cock. I pushed harder, gently pushing it in a little. Adam’s hips jerked and his hand clamped down hard on my wrist, holding me there. I spun the little bead and he cried out, the sound muffled against my neck. I pushed the little bead in and out, in and out of that little slit on his head, fucking him with the cool hard pebble. Suddenly Adam lurched up and yanked my hand away. He hauled me roughly into the aisle. He tried to push me to the carpeted floor and I resisted, pulling the rosary out of his pants and sidestepping him. My reflection looked back at me from the bowl of holy water. His eyes danced from me to the rosary as I reached in and dipped the beads into the liquid. Adam’s mouth fell open in surprise. I walked to him and yanked down his shorts, suddenly exposing him to the angelic faces looking down from the ornate walls. ‘What are you doing?’ Adam hissed, his voice a frantic edge in the silence. I was wrapping the rosary around his cock. He groaned aloud as I pulled it tight, circling it snugly around his hard tip, then rolling it down like a condom. Adam gasped as the beads rolled down to the base of his cock. ‘I want you as hard as you can be,’ I whispered, leaning forward to drink the drops of holy water that slid down his balls. Adam thrust upward toward my mouth and his hand found his cock. He began to stroke and I smiled mischievously. ‘Isn’t masturbation a sin?’ ‘You’re a temptress,’ he replied in his own defense. He squeezed his cock as I sucked one of his balls into my mouth. I ran my tongue over it and sucked, feeling it roll between my lips. Adam moaned quietly, the passionate sound resonating from the high ceilings and back down. ‘Someone could walk in on us,’ he protested. ‘Someone probably will,’ I responded. Adam’s cock got even harder. I knew how he loved public places. I loved the sinfulness of sex in church. ‘Would you like that, to have a priest walk in on you being fucked?’ I taunted. In answer, his fingers found the rosary beads and pulled, making them tighter around him. ‘Would you like to show a prim and proper nun what a real cock looks like?’ I asked him. Adam stared down at me with eyes that were alight with desire. ‘How about showing her what a real fuck looks like?’ I stood and wrapped my fingers around his cock, then gently pulled. Adam followed me obediently to the altar, and as I turned to him he sunk his hands into my hair. ‘The altar?’ he asked me, his voice filled with anticipation. I sank down to my knees and opened my mouth over him, taking him down in one long stroke. Adam’s soft cry echoed from the ceiling. I sucked him in until the rosary beads rolled against my mouth. Then I began to slide my mouth up and down, sucking his head, licking the first drops of salty moisture and sliding down to taste the last of the holy water between the rosary beads. Finally I slid my mouth all the way down his cock, circling my lips around the rosary. I caught the beads with my teeth and slid them slowly up, caressing his cock with them as I pulled them off. He was bigger now than he had been when I put the beads on, and they were a bit difficult to remove. They squeezed tightly around his shaft. I pulled them off and let them fall into my hand. My tongue flicked that spot right under his head. My teeth nibbled gently. I took the wet rosary beads and slid them down his balls, all the way back to his ass. Adam tensed. I slid the beads up and down the cleft of his ass, letting the warm beads caress him, letting him get used to the idea. I sucked hard on his cock and then removed him from my mouth long enough to whisper to him. ‘Relax…’ I pushed the rosary against him. I pressed one bead against his puckered ring. Adam whimpered and moaned on a deep breath as he let his body relax as much as he could. I gently pushed, and the bead disappeared, sucked into his ass as he clenched it against the feeling. ‘Oh…oh, God…’ Adam groaned. He had completely forgotten about being quiet. I slid another bead to his tight hole and pushed. His body sucked it inside. I licked his cock with long strokes, sucking hard as I repeated the action with each bead on that rosary. Adam couldn’t decide whether to buck his cock into my throat or push his ass against my hand. I kept it up until only the small cross on the circle of beads was left outside his body. Adam looked down at me. His eyes were cloudy with pleasure. ‘You…are…a heathen,’ he murmured, breathing hard. ‘You’re Catholic,’ I said. ‘Which is worse?’ Adam offered me a quirky, sarcastic smile. He lifted me to my feet and his hands found my shorts. He pulled hard. Seams ripped as he yanked them down my thighs and I kicked them off. I was wearing nothing underneath. Adam lifted me to the offering table, settling me on the cool polished wood. He climbed onto it. Bibles and a few candles fell to the floor with a thud. He pushed me up, then spread my legs wide and sank his cock into me with one fluid motion. ‘Adam!’ My voice was quiet, but still it bounced and echoed from the ceiling of the church. Adam thrust hard and deep. We were both on the edge already. Adam paused once, holding his cock deep inside me. ‘Look,’ he said. I looked to where he nodded. He was looking at the magnificent crucifix on the wall. ‘I’m going to tie you to that and make you come there,’ he told me. He began to pump in and out, harder and harder. I slid my hand down his back and found that cross that was lying against his ass. I came with a low, deep moan. I bit my lip to keep from crying out. I stared at the mural on the ceiling, watching the angels that hovered protectively above. I circled my hand around the cross and began to pull. The beads slowly popped out of his tight hole, one at a time. ‘Dear God!’ he groaned. He slammed hard into me, shoving me up the table, and I yanked hard on the beads. His cock throbbed inside me and he groaned again, this time with his hands buried deep in my hair. He kept coming as I slid the rosary out. Adam seemed to hold his breath for an eternity, and then he sucked in great breaths of air and collapsed on top of me. ‘My God, My God,’ he said over and over like a prayer. Adam lifted me from the table and carried me to the front of the church. He stepped onto a platform that held the enormous crucifix. I had a sudden sharp moment of doubt. This was so wrong – wasn’t it? All thoughts fled my mind when he lifted a long purple sash from the nearby pulpit and looped it over the arm of the cross, then around my wrist. He lifted another sash and did the same thing with the other arm. Then he unbuttoned my shirt and stepped back to look at me. I was bound to the cross, my feet spread on the platform below me. The wood of the cross was rough against my back. Adam touched me with one finger as I looked out over the rows of pews. His finger slid down my body, circling each nipple before running down my stomach and over my curls. He paused to run the pad of his thumb over my hips before sliding his hand up again. ‘Please, Adam,’ I moaned. ‘I’m thirsty,’ he said softly. My eyes flew to him. He looked calmly at me, stroking his cock with his hand. ‘Will you feed me?’ he asked. Adam knelt between my thighs and spread them wider. His fingers touched my clit and I bucked up into him. The bonds around my wrists cut into me with a sweet, gentle pain. Adam quickly replaced his fingers with his tongue. He licked slowly at my clit then slid his mouth down to delve into my cunt. ‘Give me my seed,’ he murmured. ‘Do it, love. Give it to me. I know you can.’ I tilted my head back. It thudded against the cross, and I saw stars. God, this felt so good! I squeezed my inner muscles, rhythmically, hard. Adam groaned in approval. The sound echoed through the church. Adam caught the moisture on his tongue. He licked and sucked and played until my knees were weak. ‘I can taste us both,’ he whispered. I cried out as his tongue touched my clit and pressed hard. I squirmed before him. He licked hard and then sucked, alternating, keeping me on the edge. ‘Come for me,’ he whispered. ‘Come for me in this church. Come for me on this crucifix. But while you do it, I want you to pray the rosary.’ ‘Oh, God!’ I was right on the verge. ‘Hail Mary…’ he prompted. ‘H…H…Hail…Mary, full of…grace…’ His lips closed around my clit. His teeth sank down, and I suddenly couldn’t breathe. He bit down slowly, then harder, threatening me with the possibilities. I was riding a thin line between pain and pleasure. Adam bit down harder. I came viciously, my body convulsing on the cross, the pain overtaking me with pleasure. My hands clenched hard on the rough wooden arms, and the sharpness of a splinter sliced into my finger. My body throbbed. I moaned senselessly as my orgasm waned. Adam kissed me as he gently loosened my bonds. I fell into his arms and he lifted me from the crucifix, carrying me down the stairs and the altar like I was a new bride. ‘Where are we going?’ I whispered. Adam glanced down at me and smiled. ‘I know what I want, darling.’ He stopped in front of the altar and pulled out a small drawer under the remembrance table. I looked down as he settled me on my feet and I laughed at what he pulled out. It was a communion cup. ‘You have to be kidding,’ I said. He looked at me with the most serious expression he could muster. ‘You need to take communion.’ I stared at him. He nodded. I sank to my knees before him. My first long lick made Adam arch into my touch. The second made him groan. He hadn’t come while he was licking me on the crucifix, and the sweet torture he inflicted on me had made him more than ready. I closed my lips around him and began to lick at the sensitive spot right underneath the head of his cock. I flicked my tongue across it. Then I gently sank my teeth into it. He gasped and began to writhe under my ministrations. My hands found his balls and he almost laughed when he felt the cool beads of the rosary press against his soft skin. I circled the rosary around one of his balls and pulled gently, separating them, and my tongue circled around the other one before I gently sucked it into my mouth. Adam’s whole body jerked and I tightened the rosary on his balls while my hand slid up to circle around him. Holding his balls like that, I began to jack him off. Hard. I squeezed him with my hand as I slid up and let up on the pressure as I slid down. I slowly pushed him out of my mouth and looped the rosary around both his balls, clenching it tight. He cried out. I stroked him hard and flicked my tongue over his head before sucking him into my mouth again. Oh, God…I need to come,’ he moaned. I pulled down harder on the rosary and he yelped. I slid my mouth down halfway and pulled on the rosary, the beads sliding and twirling around his balls. When I gave him a hard upward suck, Adam began to tremble. He cried out as he began to come. I took the first shot into my mouth, then quickly squeezed his head hard. Adam moaned loudly in both pleasure and pain. I slid my mouth off of him, licking gently, and released his balls. The pressure in his cock was enormous. I pressed the communion cup to the tip of his cock and let him go. His cock spurted out a few more times, filling the cup to the top. ‘Wow,’ he muttered, as he braced himself on my shoulder to keep from falling over. I held up the communion cup and he grinned. ‘Is this for me?’ I asked him. He shook his head. ‘For you?’ I asked. Again, he shook his head. ‘Get dressed,’ was all he said. I slowly dressed before him while he pulled up his shorts. We walked toward the back of the church. Adam took the communion cup from my hand. With a wicked smile, he stopped before the basin of holy water. ‘No way!’ I breathed in astonishment. Adam winked at me. He tipped the cup and dumped his semen into the water. He swirled it around with one finger, then offered that finger to me to suck. I was speechless. I watched the water drip from his fingertip and slowly moved toward it, as if in a trance. I licked the tainted, blessed water from his hand. ‘Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned,’ he intoned slowly, and that broke the spell. I laughed out loud. Adam opened the door and looked back at me with an expression of wry irony. The rain had stopped. ‘We’re both going to Hell, you know that, don’t you?’ he asked me very seriously, and I couldn’t help but laugh again. My voice echoed from the vaulted ceiling of the church. 