Until you, I had never done anything crazy. Until you came along, my tally of insane moments was quite small. I had been drunk exactly three times in my life. I had never had sex outside, or in the shower, and certainly not in a public restroom while people waited impatiently outside. I had never been spanked or gagged with my own panties or treated like anything less than a lady, especially in the bedroom. I was the calm and collected and cool and stable one, the one who was always the designated driver, the one who took care of everyone else. I was the one that was expected to be there but never really noticed. I was thirty years old and I had lived so quietly, sometimes it was like I had never lived at all. You, on the other hand, had lived a little too loudly, a little too much. You were the wild child that knew all the best stools in all the best bars, the guy who could get it for you if you really wanted it, the man who had such a reputation with the ladies that you became the silent fear of every man in town. I remember that day as if it were yesterday. It was an ordinary day and I had gone to do some ordinary shopping. My trunk was filled with paper towels and laundry detergent and groceries. You were walking through the parking lot of the club that I always passed on my way home from the store. You had a long and confident stride, not a swagger but something close to it. You were carrying a paper in one hand and a beer in the other. You held that bottle as though it was a part of you. I watched as you took a long drink, and then you opened the door of that broken-down old truck but, before you did, you looked at me. The light was green but I hadn’t moved. I was mesmerized by you. You smiled, and interest became lust. I hit the turn signal and steered in your direction. It was completely out of character for me. You were completely out of character for me. Your hair was too long and your smile was too wicked and your very presence was too overwhelming. You were too young for me, too outrageous for my taste, too irresponsible to fit into my carefully coordinated lifestyle. Yet none of those things seemed to matter when you leaned into my open window that day and offered me a sip of your beer. There were no words, just the sound of traffic crawling slowly by, others going on to their destinations while we shared a beer in the parking lot in the middle of the day. It was my first beer. I didn’t tell you that, of course. I didn’t tell you that I didn’t like the taste. I liked the fact that I was drinking what you had just had, that my lips were pressed to the same place yours had been, and ever since then I can’t look at a bottle of beer and not think of the way the sun beat down on you that day, turning your brown hair to almost auburn as your smile reached all the way into your green eyes. Until that meeting in the parking lot, I never dreamed that we would wind up at my place, that you would leave your truck at the bar and get into my passenger seat, that you would be so gentlemanly as to carry the groceries inside, that you would sit and talk with me for hours while I made dinner and cleaned the house and did all the ordinary things that I always did. You followed me to the laundry room and talked as I folded clothes. You followed me to the backyard as I watered the garden. You chopped onions at my counter, and your hands moved so quickly over the knife that it was obvious – and surprising, somehow – that not only could you cook, but that you enjoyed doing it. You followed me to the couch, where we sipped wine while the television droned something of little importance and you told me surprising things about your life. You devoured Hemingway and had a soft spot for kittens and worried sometimes that you drank too much. You thought Johnny Cash was the greatest singer who ever lived, and you sang Folsom Prison Blues in your deep and off-key baritone. Then you sang Jackson and I sang along, and soon we were dancing by the light of the television, and when I laughed and told you how much I loved your voice, you stopped singing and kissed me instead. Later you followed me to the bedroom. I was surprised when you were shy and careful. I had expected that swagger to translate into wanton recklessness, but you were almost hesitant, as though you were worshipping my body and perhaps were not worthy of doing so. You trailed your fingertips over every inch of my legs and my arms and my belly. Everything from my little toe to the top of my ear was kissed. By the time you were done we were both tense as wound springs. The moment you entered me, all caution was thrown to the wind and our lovemaking became an all-out fuck, a hard and vicious coupling that left me with bruises and aches and a smile on my face when the dawn crept through the windows. You were gone when I awoke. That felt right, somehow. That was just the way it should be. A week later you appeared on my doorstep with a bottle of wine, and before we were halfway through it you were pouring it over my body and licking up the drops. It left stains on my new carpets. I didn’t try to get rid of them. There was an evening when we ran into each other in the parking lot of the grocery store. We said our hellos and our goodbyes but when I was halfway home there you were, behind me, flashing your lights. I pulled over into the parking lot of an abandoned feed mill and within minutes we were in the bed of your truck, your hand over my mouth and my legs over your shoulders. You fucked me so hard, the truck rocked on its wheels. Sometimes you stayed with me for days, drinking of that lover’s wine. Sometimes you would wake up in the middle of the night and search for me, sighing with relief when you found I was still there, as though I was all in the world that could sustain you. Then one morning you would be gone with no explanations. You probably had other women. I didn’t care. All I knew was that when you did come to me, you made me feel more alive than I had ever felt. And over time, I changed. I learned to drink beer and smoke Marlboros and dye my hair. I learned to curse like a sailor and drive like a maniac and laugh at the irreverence of George Carlin. I even got a tattoo, a little butterfly on the small of my back. Wings outspread in rainbow colors, it looked up at you while you fucked me from behind. You were my hitchhiker in the middle of the night, my stranger with candy, my loaded gun, my trapeze without a net. You were my crazy. It has been years since that old Thunderbird went off the ravine. The papers said you were drunk, they said you were going too fast, they said you weren’t wearing your seat belt. They said all those things in black-and-white headlines, and so they must be true. What they didn’t say was that you would always be young, you would always be reckless, and you would always be as perfect for the wrong woman as you always had been, in your legend that would outlive your truth. Tonight I bought two beers. I drove out to the ravine and drank one of them. Then popped open the other and threw it as hard as I could. The beer splashed out in an amber arc and I waited with bated breath for the satisfying crash of shattering glass. When it came, I laughed and cried and howled at the moon, just like you taught me to do. 