When I was thirteen, back in the seventies, I was sent to boarding school in Edinburgh, Scotland. It was a shock in more ways than one. I’d never been to the UK before, having spent my childhood in Bombay, location of the biggest hotel in my father’s luxury chain. My mother, who died when I was four, was Scottish and I was sent to her home city, I’ve since realized, as an act of homage. I rarely saw her family, who weren’t openly racist but had no interest in welcoming me to their home. Even light brown skin like mine was too much in the New Town’s tall houses. Then there was the weather. I froze that first winter, the school seeing no need for heating in the dormitories. And there was the food. I was used to European cuisine from the hotel, but the slop we were fed would have tested the stomachs of the beggars back home. Then there were the prefects, older boys with something close to the power of life and death over us younger ones. Then there were the girls . . . The school, one of those that the British call public, but which are in fact 500, had never accepted girls before. That year they’d decided to allow two members of the opposite sex to join the sixth form, though they didn’t sleep in the houses. Think of it: 500 boys whose trousers almost permanently sported pyramids in the groin area, and two girls. Actually, one of them was not very attractive. In fact, she was tall, gangly, horse-faced and flat as an ironing board. I’m sure she still provoked a fair number of nocturnal emissions. The other one – let’s call her Mary – was a stunner: of average height, with crinkly blonde hair that just reached her shoulders and well-proportioned legs (on the days she chose to tantalize us with knee-length skirts, minis no doubt being banned). What really turned our eyes were, surprisingly, her eyes. They were dark blue, piercing and ray-gun powerful. If her gaze settled on you, knee trembling and armpit drenching were immediate. All right, there was also the large matter of her bosoms, as my father used to call those glands. Mary’s were big. Not water melons, but definitely decent-sized fruit of the yellow-skinned variety. There were days when she dispensed with a bra, the news flying round the school instantly. Lines of us would stand outside the dining room waiting for her, jaws slack and underwear concrete. She would smile regally, her shoulders back, and walk rapidly to afford maximum movement. Mary was definitely into adoration. The school had seven residential houses, one of them being in the catastrophic combination of French chateau styles that was the main building. My house, Gladstone, was five minutes’ walk away. By one of those quirks of fate that almost convinces me there is an Almighty, the girls were assigned to it. All that meant was they came to Gladstone for break and to do their homework in the afternoon, while we were out being rained or snowed on and balls of various shapes and sizes were thrown at us. But it still gave us bragging rights over the rest of the school, especially when Mary and our senior prefect, Dirleton – a handsome devil who was also captain of the rugby team – took up with each other. The other girl, Fiona, was an unofficial chaperone, but she was frequently to be seen alone in the room assigned to them, sad-eyed and hunched over her work. She went to Oxford and ended up as a government economist, sometimes to be seen on TV. I had the misfortune to be Dirleton’s fag. For those of you fortunate to have avoided public school, despite its unaccountable attraction to the makers of films and TV series, the fag is the prefect’s personal servant – or slave, if he’s a nasty piece of work. Dirleton was all right; prone to yell if the soles of his rugby boots didn’t gleam and ungenerous with his tips at the end of term, but basically fair. Things began to get interesting in my third term, during what passes for summer in Edinburgh. The senior prefect had a bigger study than everyone else, with a small balcony overlooked by the dormitories, which were out of bounds during daylight. One evening, he sent word for me. I knocked on his door and tried to slide it open. He allowed only a small gap to appear. “Ah, there you are, Patel,” he said, his voice low. “I need my pillow.” I looked at him blankly. “My pillow, fool. Bring it from my cube.” The dormitories for older boys had partitions between them, though they didn’t go all the way to the ceiling. When the lights were out, they allowed those who played with each other a degree of privacy. As the school authorities must have been aware of such activities, I can only assume their tacit encouragement. But I digress. “Yes . . . sir,” I stammered. “But what about . . . ?” “Tell anyone who asks that I sent you. My back’s stiff after cricket.” Before I could respond, I heard a stifled titter, either that of a boy whose voice hadn’t broken – mine had – or . . . could it be Mary? The thought sent a hot spurt through my veins. I raced to the stairs and got up to his dorm without anyone seeing me. A couple of minutes later I handed over the pillow. As I turned to go, I heard the sound of a chair being slotted into the gap between the door and wall inside. That made my heart pound like a steam hammer. Without thinking, I returned to the staircase and went up, ready to use Dirleton’s name if I was challenged. I wasn’t. I entered the cube with the best view of the study balcony. The light of the long Scottish evening was still bright enough – no clouds for a change – though the house walls created shadows. I crept to the window, then slowly inched my head past the window frame. Gods be praised! Mary was lying on the narrow balcony, her buttocks on the pillow I had been holding. My cock strained like the mast of my father’s yacht in the Arabian Sea, but I left it where it was, my eyes fixed on the scene below. Dirleton’s trousers and boxers were round his ankles and I could see his tool waving over Mary. It was one of those weird ones that bend back towards its owner. She had taken her blouse off, but she was still wearing her bra. Not for long. Dirleton’s hands slipped round her back and, after heart-pounding seconds, loosed it. I almost choked. I’d seen plenty of breasts in the magazines that did the rounds, the best pages stuck together, but never in the flesh. Nudism wasn’t exactly the thing back home. Mary’s tits, oh save me, they were magnificent. They stood up, somehow countering the force of gravity, the nipples dark and erect like the cigar stubs in the ashtray on the old man’s desk. Dirleton sucked them one by one, rotating the other nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Mary’s mouth was open, her hands gripping his back. Then she pushed him gently away and took his cock, looking at it with what appeared to be wonder. She ran her fingers up the bent rod, pulling the foreskin back to his evident but stifled delight. This went on for several minutes and I was amazed he hadn’t come. Then he did, the semen squirting onto his belly and then dripping onto hers. Spatters rained over her tits and she smoothed the sticky substance into her skin as if it were a precious liniment. Then Dirleton, who’d presumably been told not to go all the way, got his head between Mary’s glorious thighs. I couldn’t see, but he must have been tonguing her because her face clenched, forehead furrowed, and she grabbed his hair. Her lips were opening and closing, but I couldn’t hear anything. As well as everything else, I admired her self-control. And then her torso started to undulate as she hit a rhythm that gradually increased in speed. She let her head drop over the metal railing, one hand moving between her long dark nipples and the other pressing Dirleton’s head into her crotch. The end, when it came, was a blur of movement, and this time she couldn’t restrain a high-pitched screech. It didn’t matter; there were owls in the trees nearby. Mary’s body was still now, but her head remained back as the senior prefect stood up, running his tongue over his lips. That was when she saw me. A smile spread across her face and she winked. Me? I wanked. Mary and Dirleton were gone at the end of the term, he to read law at Durham and she to the Edinburgh College of Art. She’s a well-known painter now. I have one of her female nudes in my den. It isn’t a patch on her as she was that summer evening. In my second year there were ten girls. Two were eye-catchers and the others ranged from average to any port in a storm. We weren’t supposed to talk to pupils in different years and I was going through that awkward period when you prefer the safety of doing it to yourself than sharing with others. Several of my contemporaries had different ideas, creeping into each other’s study when working late or slipping into neighbouring cubes. I never fancied male hands or other parts, and no one made advances on me. That was maybe one of the advantages of being mixed race. Another of which was that I stuck out from the crowd. Occasionally I’d catch one of the girls looking at me in chapel or at lunch. I suppose I was handsome enough, I’ve never been able to judge my own charms. But those looks, which were followed by rapid turns away and red cheeks, were a good omen. They gave me something to think about as I brought myself off over the wash-hand basin or in the toilet. Then the housemaster’s daughter Morag – a sixteen-year-old who attended school and was definitely at the any port in a storm end of the scale – had a French penfriend to stay. She attended lessons too. I suppose it was some kind of exchange scheme. I’ll call her Christine. She stayed in the other part of the house from us, the connecting doors strictly monitored. That didn’t stop her. I was tall for my age and had good skin, both of which qualities distinguished me from my classmates. I caught Christine looking at me more than once. She didn’t turn away, nor did she blush. You know what they say about French women, not that she was fully mature physically. But near enough. She managed to slip a note into my pocket. I only found it after I’d finished sport, another dismal afternoon on the cricket pitch. It said, “Big shed 9.15”. I couldn’t believe my luck – or was it a trick? Maybe some of the bullies in the year above had written it. I was used to getting elbows in the ribs and shoves against the walls of the narrow corridors, as well as the usual racial abuse. I ignored it as best I could. But should I take the risk of going to the rendezvous? I thought about it, for about ten seconds. Christine wasn’t a beauty, but she was fully equipped in all areas. And I was avid to have the benefit of the experience I could tell she had. 9.14. I slipped out the back door, past the room where fags were scrubbing shoes. The bigger of the two gardeners’ sheds was about thirty yards away. I moved swiftly in the evening light, then turned the corner cautiously. She was there! What was more, her blouse was open and a lacy red bra caught my attention like a brothel lamp attracting a sailor. “Hello,” she said, moving her right hand to her breast. “What is your name? I cannot call you Patel.” Her voice was like honey and the French accent was balm to my ears. And cock. “Samit,” I said, stepping towards her. “You like this?” Christine tugged the cup down and showed her tit. It wasn’t as big as Mary’s and the nipple was no more than a tiny pink pearl. I went fishing with my tongue, one arm around her. She moaned and moved her hand to my groin. “He is engorgé.” My French was just about up to that. “You’re delightful,” I responded, kissing her on the mouth. “You say this to all the girls, yes?” she asked, when our lips separated. I shrugged, then tensed. Her fingers were deftly pulling down my zipper. I took that as a green light and slipped my hand under her thin skirt. It reached her upper thighs, which were damp, and I realized she was without underwear. I flicked my forefinger out like a snake’s tongue and felt hair and soft wet labia (we knew the terminology). Her groan showed I was on the right lines. I slid my finger all the way in, feeling no obstruction. This girl was definitely experienced. “Come,” she said, stepping back and leading me to the tarpaulin that covered a stack of logs. She unclipped her bra, a front loader, then pulled up her skirt with a saucy smile. Then she leaned forward, undid my belt and popped the button on my trousers. “Mon Dieu,” she whispered, when she put her hand down my shorts. “You are very big, Samit.” I bit my lip as she extracted my organ and scrotum. My pubic hair was thick and black, and she ran her fingers through it. As soon as she clenched my balls, I spurted uncontrollably, the semen landing on her skirt and that dense triangle. Drops hung on the hair like twists of cream on a chocolate cake. “I knew you would finish quickly,” she said, smiling. “First time, yes?” I nodded, both joyful and embarrassed. “It’s OK.” Christine put my hands on her tits. “Now the good things really start.” She was right about that. I drew her nipples out and they turned a burning shade of pink. Then she took one hand and pushed it to her groin, directing my finger to a lump above the labia. Hail, clitoris! Christine showed me how to rub it and soon she was bucking and gasping. I used my tongue on her tits and that drove her even crazier. Finally she shuddered and clenched, her eyes wide and crazy. “You learn fast, Samit,” she breathed. “Are you ready to come inside me?” My cock was at half-mast, but a few strokes from her changed that. “Let me,” she said, taking a foil wrapper from the pocket of her now crumpled skirt. She shook out the condom and smoothed it over my dick. It felt constricting. “I know,” Christine said, taking in my expression. “But you’ll get used to it.” Actually, I never did, but the world has enough babies. She guided me in and then ground herself against me, frowning and blowing. “There is a place in me,” she gasped. I let her do the work, aware that if I made any rapid movements I would fill the bobble at the end of the sheath. “Aaaaaaah!” she cried, and seconds later I came too. The sky exploded and I felt myself cartwheel through the universe, every nerve in my body reacting, chain reacting and connecting me to something at the heart of creation. “Fuck!” I said. “Mais oui,” she replied, laughing. I withdrew slowly and let her strip the condom off. The tip was bulging with my seed. “Tomorrow, same time?” Christine said, after kissing me with her lips and tongue. I nodded, breathless, then saw Morag’s face at the window above. She looked like a cattle prod had been applied to her “airse”, as my Scottish friends said. It was raining the next day – a year-round hazard in the Athens of the North – but that turned out not to be a problem. Christine was waiting for me with Morag, who had the key to the big shed. None of us said anything as she opened the padlock and I shoved the door enough to allow us entry. “So, my friends,” Christine said, a sweet smile on her lips. “Here is how it goes. Samit, Morag would like you to initiate her to the mysteries of love.” I stared at her. “Don’t worry,” Christine said, squeezing my hand. “I will help.” I looked at the housemaster’s daughter. She was breathing heavily, her plain face red all over. She was taller than average, though shorter than me, and there weren’t any protrusions to speak of under the cheesecloth blouse she was wearing. But Christine’s touch had fired me up. She undid Morag’s buttons, took off her friend’s blouse and then lifted the vest she was wearing – no bra – over her head. I gaped. Her breasts were small, but the areolae were dark and extensive. Suddenly there was a bulge in my pants. “Touch,” Christine commanded. I tweaked Morag’s nipples and they hardened, provoking a loud intake of breath. Meanwhile, Christine had undone Morag’s jeans and pulled them down. Her knickers were white and large, which initially put me off. Then her lower half was bared and I took in sparse brown hair, plump lips protruding. Christine fingered Morag and nodded to me. I slid my forefinger in and the housemaster’s daughter fell back against the door, panting. I kissed her tits, running my tongue over the tiny bumps on the dark pigmentation. Then I felt hands on my waist. I looked down and saw Christine’s hands undoing my belt, button and zipper, then easing my cock out. “Look, Morag,” she said teasingly. “Big and black and all for you. Take it.” Her friend did as she was told. At first her touch was tentative, but then she got interested, bending down as she moved her hand up and down the shaft. “Wait, I’m . . .” My spunk shot out, hitting Morag on the face, tits and belly. She pulled back, then saw Christine’s smile. After a moment, her tongue appeared and moved to the nearest spatter. She drew it back and tasted my gift. It seemed she liked it. “Very good, mes amis,” said Christine. “Now the second course.” She took off her clothes and leaned against the wall beside Morag. “Samit, you know what to do.” I stepped forward, applying one forefinger to Christine’s clit and the other to Morag’s – it was large, like a little boy’s cock, and it grew rapidly. The sight of it made me harden again. I sucked their nipples, darting my tongue from one to other. Christine came first, her head banging against the wall. Morag was panting, but she hadn’t climaxed. I wasn’t sure what to do. Christine was. She pushed my head down and took over the stimulation of her friend’s nipples. I pulled the large clit in and out of my mouth, and Morag’s thighs closed tight around my head. Then I nipped her with my teeth, only lightly, provoking a stifled scream. I thought my head was going to be shaken off, but finally the legs parted and I was able to withdraw. “You’ve never done it, have you?” Christine said, kissing Morag on the lips. “Not even to yourself.” The housemaster’s daughter shook her head, looking down. “No, ma chère, there is nothing to be ashamed for.” Christine glanced at my dick. “Besides, now comes the third course.” I gulped, unsure if I’d be able to satisfy them both. I needn’t have worried. Christine called the shots perfectly. “Put your finger in,” she said to me, indicating Morag’s slit. I did as I was told. Although wet, it was much tighter than the French girl’s. Morag quivered, her eyes away from mine. “Are you sure you want this?” I asked. She nodded, then smiled to reassure me. “Of course she does,” Christine said. “But we must lie down. There is a blanket over there.” I went to get the green tartan object. It had some holes, but seemed clean enough. I spread it on the earthen floor. “Now, ma chère, lie down and make yourself comfortable.” Christine pushed Morag’s knees apart. Then she took out a condom and ran it over my cock. “Ready to go? I will help you enter.” And she did, with a degree of dexterity that made me sure she’d done this before. Morag blinked and I stopped, then she nodded and I moved on slowly. “Is it all right?” I whispered. This time her nods were avid, at least in part because Christine was sucking her nipples. I reached a barrier and pressed ahead gently. Morag took a deep breath, then let out a squeak and grabbed my buttocks, pulling me deeper. She began to groan as I juddered against her, then I let out a similar noise. Christine had her fingers round my balls and was squeezing. Morag’s face was red and covered in sweat. “I have a finger for you,” Christine said in my ear. I jerked forwards as the said digit was pressed into my arse. I was close to orgasm, I couldn’t hold back, whatever state Morag was in. I reared up and buried myself in her, the whole of my midriff exploding. I hoped the condom had held. After I pulled slowly out, Christine tugged it off. There was a little blood on the outside, but nothing too disturbing. Morag lay back, panting, then sat bolt upright, as if she’d suddenly become aware of where she was and what had happened. She gathered up her clothes, pulled them on and went to the door. “I will lock it,” Christine said. Morag nodded, gave me a shy smile and was gone. It was only then that I realized she hadn’t said a word from beginning to end. “And now, mon ami,” Christine said, tearing open another foil pack, “it is my turn.” I groaned, but it wasn’t long before I was back in the saddle. The matron was a fearsome figure, known throughout the school as Battle Axe. There were countless tales of her abrupt and usually painful execution of the doctor’s orders. Both of them assumed all boys were malingerers, though nothing could have been further from the truth. You were let off chapel to attend the surgery. I had a bad case of athlete’s foot and had no option but to see the doctor after the housemaster spotted me scratching obsessively in the dorm. I imagined there was an ointment or special talc, but the Axe had other ideas. “In here, boy,” she said, pointing me to the treatment room. “Take your trousers and socks off and sit on the table.” It was as I completed those actions that I caught the look in her eye. It was one I’d grown familiar with. She was on her knees, taking what looked like a toothbrush from a stainless steel tray. Beside it was a bottle of dark-coloured liquid. “This will sting a bit,” she said, with relish. That was an understatement. As I blinked back tears, she scrubbed away the skin till my toes and the gaps between them were raw. I looked down and saw that the top button of her uniform was undone. The Axe must have been in her fifties and her face was definitely not for the faint-hearted, but her body wasn’t too bad. Her bosom was nicely inflated and I could see the pale flesh over the top of an industrially constructed bra. The pain in my feet increased and, to my shock, I felt my traitor cock begin to stir. The Axe looked up and smiled hungrily. I was helpless as my shorts began to protrude. She stopped painting the hideous liquid on my feet and grabbed my calves. “What are you waiting for, boy? Take it out.” I was so surprised that I hesitated. “Take it out.” I did as I was told, then reached down for her. “No touching,” she ordered. She pulled herself up until her head was level with my rampant tool. Then she started to exhale warm air over it. That lightest of pressures was enough to get me going. She saw that and moved on to her next trick, which involved running the very tip of her tongue from my balls and up the vein to the bulb and eye. “I . . .” “Wait,” the Axe demanded. She got higher and put her lips over the head, touching it very gently. “I . . .” “Don’t you dare, boy!” Then she closed her lips around me and started a series of small movements. “Nurse . . .” “Mmm mmm.” I took that as another warning not to explode, but I didn’t know how to delay. I could pull away, but the thought of what the Axe’s teeth could do to my knob killed that plan. Then she took her mouth off and looked up. “Very well, you’ve proved yourself, Patel. Let me have it now.” She reapplied her mouth. My heart was thundering and the usual galaxy-upending nerve connections had started. I gasped and then shot my load, or rather loads, the Axe’s thick fingers clawing my thighs. Her head jerked back as if she was taking bullets to the throat. Eventually I was drained and collapsed back onto the bed. The nurse got to her feet, her lips closed. There was an incongruous dreamy look on her face, then she leaned over me, caught my eye and swallowed very deliberately, several times. “Right, boy,” she said, wiping her lips with the back of her hand. “Get dressed. The solution should work within a week.” Then her lips formed into her version of a smile. “Of course, it’ll have to be redone every morning.” There was a band at the time called Head, Hands and Feet. I became an instant fan. When I was sixteen, I entered the sixth form. Or, to be more accurate, I entered several female members of that august body. By then, there were thirty female pupils, most in the first year sixth like me. Christine was long gone, but Morag was doing the Oxbridge exams. She’d come out of herself and had a steady boyfriend in her year. I can only imagine that she had spread the word about my cocksmanship. I didn’t exactly have to fight the girls off – they formed an orderly queue, each having me for a fortnight. Most of my male contemporaries hated my guts, but they couldn’t argue with my results. I fucked or gushed behind the sports pavilion, in the girls’ common room, in chapel, in the bushes and in a bunker on the golf course. Some little bastard landed a ball on my naked arse. The girl didn’t notice: she was too busy getting sand out of her slit. We repaired to the changing rooms, where I applied the shower head in ways that got me back in her good books. And then came the school play. That year, whether by accident or design, it was Othello. I suppose I’d have been called to audition even if I didn’t have a commanding voice and reasonable thespian skills: I was the only even partially dark boy in the school. I got the part, probably because I’d become an expert at dissembling before, during and after my erotic adventures. Amazingly, I’d never been caught slipping in and out of the house or other buildings, let alone in flagrante. That made me daring, which was not necessarily a good thing. I was deep in a girl called Alison between the rear stacks of the library when the headmaster came in. Fortunately I saw him through the gap between the shelves and managed to disengage. Alison curled up under the table and he wandered away after giving me a vague nod. I almost burst out laughing, then joined her and finished the job to our mutual satisfaction. The play was a challenge on several fronts. Although it had been abridged, there were still plenty of lines to learn. The director, one of the junior teachers, was keen to impress and took that out on the cast. He also fancied Desdemona to the extent that he had to lick his lips non-stop when she was on stage. And there was my biggest challenge. I too wanted to get between Aminta Forbes-Ker’s succulent thighs, but she was one of the few sixth form girls immune to my charms. The rehearsals brought us into close proximity, but she managed to preserve an invisible membrane between us. This only made me more frustrated. She was the second most stunning girl in the school – I’d had the most stunning and she turned out to have the sex drive of a sloth. Aminta’s hair was thick and blonde, her face a neat triangle with pouting lips, and her body, though she was below average height, a garden of delights. Big tits on a small woman always got me going. Then there was the way she looked at me – almost contemptuous, as if I was a lesser being. The director succeeded, with difficulty, in getting Aminta to tone down her sultriness on stage, but close up I felt it pulsing around her. It was all I could do to restrain myself from tearing open her temptingly low-cut costume. We got to the dress rehearsal and I decided to ignore her, giving my scenes with Iago and Cassio more power. That irritated Aminta, I could see, so I kept it up. The director was irritated and kept telling me to put more emotion into Othello’s relationship with Desdemona. There was a shared dressing room, overseen by one of the housemaster’s wives, who took pleasure in watching me change. Aminta got close enough to me to whisper, “Tomorrow night. Lean close when you smother me.” That was an order I’d never expected to hear. I was used to the Axe, to whom I still went to every few weeks and who had moved on to applying a toothbrush to my scrotum as I came in her mouth – she still wouldn’t let me touch her with my hands. I tried to ignore it as I prepared for the first of the two performances. In fact, I lost myself in the role so much that I reached Act 5, scene 2 without remembering Aminta’s words. But when she started to speak, eyes flashing and lips brightly painted, then it came back to me. “Will you come to bed, my lord?” she asked, with cod innocence. I got into my stride, telling her she was to die and ranting about the fateful handkerchief. “Down, strumpet!” I commanded sternly. “Kill me tomorrow, let me live tonight!” was her riposte, eyes beseeching and hands extended. I leaned over her, my cock suddenly rigid as a flagpole, pressing against her right tit. She moved against me, in full view of 250 people. “It is too late!” I cried, as I came against her. Fortunately I was wearing a codpiece, so I was able to finish the scene without bringing the house down. “A guiltless death I die,” said Desdemona, her gaze catching mine. I’d never seen anyone look less innocent. My spirit caught fire. I raced through the rest of the scene, giving extra weight to the lines: “Behold, I have a weapon;/A better never did itself sustain/Upon a soldier’s thigh . . .” Aminta was off stage by then, but I was sure I heard her laugh. I was in a hurry to end Othello’s life and show the minx a thing or two. “I took by th’ throat the circumcisèd dog/And smote him – thus.” Which was inaccurate: I had not been circumcised, as plenty of girls in the audience could attest. I stabbed myself and waited, prone, till Lodovico finished the play – “Look on the tragic loading of this bed,” and so on. Then I took my bow, holding the temptress’s hand. Several bows, in fact. They liked me – or us. “Behind the swimming pool,” I whispered to her, as the curtain came down. “If you dare.” “Sirrah, my father he doth wait for me,” Aminta said, with a slick-lipped smile. I thought quickly. “When do you have free periods tomorrow?” For a few moments I thought she was going to ignore me. “Fifth.” The one before lunch. I had it for personal study too. “Below the dining room.” Aminta walked away with her head in the air, then dropped her handkerchief. I picked it up. I had plans for it. It was a risk, going to the dining room out of hours, but I’d acquired a taste for breaking the rules. Anyway, my blood was up after the school play and I wanted Aminta more than I had any other girl. I went down the steps and into the cloakroom, a large area with hooks along the walls. No sign of her. Of course, she wouldn’t have been in the boys’ place. I went back out and pushed open the door of the girls’ cloakroom, a much smaller space. That was a serious infraction that could get me expelled, but my blood and cock were up. No one. I went to the toilet cubicles at the far end. All the doors were open. Fuck. Or rather, not. Then the main door crashed open. I turned and got the rear view of an unusually tall and fleshy woman. She was carrying a bucket and mop, which she let drop with a clang to the tiled floor. Then she swivelled, light on her feet, and saw me. “Hullo, son. Wha’ are you doin’ here?” Even after four years, I struggled with the local dialect. “Em, a friend of mine left an essay for me.” “Oh aye.” The woman came closer. I’d seen her many times. She was one of the few cleaning staff that bore a second glance. Her face wasn’t as pinched as the others and her body a lot softer, even in the unflattering overalls they had to wear. Recently I’d ignored her in the dining room when she wheeled the food trolleys around, but when I was younger I’d spilled my seed at night on her soft mounds and cushioned thighs – in my imagination. “You ken what?” I shrugged, unsure how to respond. “Ah’ve never had a black cock.” I understood that. But what about Aminta? I looked at my watch. She was ten minutes late. She – I think her name was Janice – led me to one of the cubicles. “Naw, leave the door open. We can close it if anyone comes.” “Anyone except us,” I quipped. She grinned, displaying uneven and nicotine-stained teeth, and started to undo her overalls and the blouse beneath. What had been undefined globes now took shape in an old grey bra with holes in it. This woman was seriously well stacked. She pulled her skirt down and I saw knickers that would soon be pensionable, the fabric off-white and the elastic slack. “Hurry up!” she said, her voice hoarse. I got my trousers open and let my cock hang loose. “Jesus, what a monster!” She grabbed it, running calloused hands over the straining skin. I got her breasts out and rubbed the nipples. They were inverted and stayed that way. “I like it like this,” Janice said, pulling down her underwear and turning her backside to me. Her head was close to the toilet, her hands holding the cistern behind. I fumbled for the condom in my jacket. “Never mind that,” she said. “Ah’ve got no disease.” I thought about that for about a second, then my appetite for risk took over. I laid my dick along the crack between Janice’s large buttocks, pressing my balls against the hairs around her arse. Then, hands on her tits, I drew back and sent the heat-seaking head between her legs. A bristle of her pubes, then it was in. Gods, she was wet! It was like sliding into a fish’s mouth, fortunately one without teeth. “Aye! Aye! Aye!” she urged. I drove hard, hearing squelches as my length went all the way. I was on fire, my eyes locked on the curves of her buttocks as my stomach pushed against them and the fissure that led to her hole. I took one hand from a heavy breast, slid it in and out of my mouth and then pushed it slowly into her fundament. Janice quivered, squeezing hard on both my digit and my dick. “Now!” she grunted. “Gie me it now!” I did what I was told. My climax was a blast of star-shine, of planets reeling through the void. She seemed to come too as I dug hard with both prongs. The after-jerks were many and pleasurable. “Fuck me,” Janice gasped, as I withdrew from front and rear orifices. “Not again.” We froze as Aminta’s cut-glass voice echoed off the tiled walls. I looked over my shoulder. She was leaning against a wash-hand basin, skirt up and hand inside her floral briefs. “You finished too soon,” she complained. “Not me, hen,” Janice said, pushing me back and fussing with her clothes. “You’re some boy, you,” she said, kissing me on the cheek. I gave her the handkerchief from the play. “Thanks. Ah’ve got a lottae moppin” up tae dae.” She grinned as she moved away. “Anything I can help you with,” I said, holding my trousers up as I headed towards Aminta. “You must be joking,” she said. “How could you do it with that common cow?” I raised my shoulders. “You didn’t come.” “I’m trying to rectify that,” she said, hand moving up and down. “Anything I can do?” “Stand there and watch.” Despite, or rather because of, being ordered around for years at school, I didn’t take well to commands; nor did I like the way she’d referred to Janice. Aminta used her other hand to undo her blouse and slipped it beneath the clean white bra. Her breasts were nothing like as big as Janice’s, but they were well formed. I raised a hand towards them. “No!” Although I resented her tone, it had a positive effect on my cock. The Battle Axe effect. Aminta looked at it, her mouth open, hand rubbing away. I took a step closer. “No!” she repeated. “I can make it much better for you,” I whispered. “I know—” “Shut up!” She kept staring at my cock, her breath coming hard and fast. I moved my face towards hers. “Don’t!” she panted, close to bringing herself off. “Filthy . . . black . . . pig!” I waited till she blinked and exhaled, her body jolting back and forward, the back of her head almost hitting the mirror above the basin. Then I put my finger against her lips and ran it along them, taking care to avoid her teeth. “You’ve got a dirty mouth,” I said, doing up my trousers. Aminta gagged after she licked her lips. I’d applied the finger that had been up Janice’s backside. “Think on thy sins,” I said, Othello again, and turned on my heel. There were more delights in my final year, more and varied, but I will regale you with only one. A surfeit of girls desperate to experience my exotic cock drove me to ponder upon more exciting ways to pleasure myself and them. Risk and rapidity were solutions. I had one girl, spotty Susan with the chainsaw voice, in the corridor between lessons, her friends forming a ring around us. I timed the exchange of fluids at just over two minutes. That set me up nicely for double physics. But always I wanted more, and different. I did the work I was set quickly, being a brainbox, leaving me plenty of time to plan my next conquest. The object of my desire appeared quickly. In fact, she had been in my mind in varying degrees of lucidity since I was thirteen. Mrs Arkle, the head of English’s wife. They were the school’s trendy couple, young and clearly in love. She wore better – and tighter – clothes than the other teachers’ wives and was a lot more physically attractive. Gallons of semen had been deposited on the school’s sheets by desperate masturbators over the years, in part because she was completely unattainable. I needed to get close to her, make her notice me. I’d seen the feral look in her eye when she watched her husband in chapel and in the theatre, and I was pretty sure she’d pick up the waves I gave off – if only I appeared on her radar. In the end, the easiest strategy was the best. It was summer and the annual school sports day was nigh. I had developed into a useful cricketer and had no interest in track and field. On the other hand, Jack Arkle did: he was the coach of the athletics team and would be acting as organizer and announcer all afternoon. Mrs Arkle – Lucy – would make an appearance, I remembered from previous years, and then go back to the house the couple had been allocated in the school grounds. I showed up, as we were all required to, paying no attention to the girls who were smiling and sticking their chests out at me. This time Lucy Arkle hadn’t even made it to the cinder track. She was standing between two trees in the line that separated the sports fields from the school. I went to the tree at the bottom and then moved swiftly up the slope, stopping between each one. Then I took out a book and leaned against the tree beneath her. Out of the corner of her eye, I saw her head turn towards me. Contact! After a while she said, “It’s Patel, isn’t it?” Her voice was high-pitched, her accent very English. She had auburn hair and freckles on her face and neck. I wondered how far down they went. I looked up, as if I’d been distracted. “What? Oh, sorry, Mrs Arkle. Yes, I am Patel.” The fact that she knew my name was a definite plus. “Samit?” I nodded. “How . . . how do you know that?” I hadn’t been in her husband’s class since the second year. She smiled. “I like to keep up with the school’s promising pupils. You’re going to try for Cambridge, aren’t you?” “Yes, natural sciences.” She walked up to me. “Really? And what’s your favourite subject?” This was going better than I had dared to hope. “Biology,” I lied. In fact, chemistry was much more to my taste in class, though you could say that practical biology kept me going in my spare time. “How interesting,” she said, her breath playing on my cheek. “And what experiments have you carried out recently?” She was hooked, there was no doubt about it. I looked past the tree and took in the crowd cheering as some poor souls dragged themselves round the track. “Human reproduction,” I said, gazing into her green eyes. “Indeed,” she said, her voice low. “Give me five minutes, then come to the house.” I nodded and raised my book to deflect attention, not that I could make out any of the words. I didn’t trust my watch and counted the seconds one by one. Then I walked down the line of trees and stepped quickly away. My blood coursed through me like lava and my heart was fluttering. The front door was unlocked. I went in and immediately saw a lacy, pale yellow bra on the staircase. Further up was her blouse, then her skirt. No other underwear, but I could live with the idea of removing it. There was a shoe on the landing and another outside one of the doors. I went towards it, my stomach clenching in anticipation. Lucy Arkle was lying on the double bed, her arms above her head and her legs wide. She was wearing split-crotch panties the same colour as her discarded bra. Her pubic hair was a deeper shade of red than I’d expected. It acted like a magnet for my eyes and cock, which was fighting to break free. The freckles were all over her breasts. “Come here, darling boy,” she said, beckoning me forward. When I got there, she touched my distended trousers with delicate fingers, then unzipped me. I got myself naked in seconds. “Human reproduction, eh?” Lucy said, a touch of alarm in her voice. “Don’t worry, I’ve got protection.” I reached for my jacket. “Not yet. I want to see everything first.” She gave me a broad smile. “Boys your age recover very quickly.” So I wasn’t the first. That took the wind from my spinnaker for a couple of seconds, then she began to move her fingers, soft as a butterfly’s wings, up and down my rod. I got on to the bed, then lowered myself on to her belly. “Mmmm,” she groaned, as I rubbed her nipples. They were also a dark red hue and lengthened considerably. “Mmmm,” I said in return, grinding my arse against her pubic hair. “Stand . . . by . . .” Then I fountained high into the air above her, the jissom landing in splats across her face, neck, breasts and stomach. “So much,” she moaned. “I hope . . . there’ll . . . be more.” I passed the time till my balls refilled giving her a good tonguing. She bucked like a drowning fish, rubbing her tits with my spunk till she came in a crescendo of screams that I was sure would be heard by the neighbours. Soon afterwards, my tool was ready for action again. We went at it from the front, behind – she had a wonderful arse – side by side, spoons, you name it. I was all right because I needed some time. The problem was Lucy. She was squealing and barking again, panting and covered in sweat. The police would be round soon looking for a murderer. I decided to bring things to their conclusion. I got her on her back, slipped myself in and pulled her legs over my shoulders. That way my finger could reach her backside. She struggled when I put it in, but quickly submitted. We got into a good rhythm and I could feel myself approaching climax. “Oh my God,” she said, pushing me back. “Condom!” It was too late, I wasn’t going to break off now. But I could understand her reluctance to end up with a mixed-race child. So I withdrew, spat on my finger and rubbed it around her arse, then pushed down on her and introduced my cock into her tight brown hole. “No . . .” she said, hands on my chest again, “no . . . no . . .” Then a grin spread over her lips. “Yes . . . yes . . . YEEEEEEES!” I emptied myself into her, the strokes more frequent because of the unaccustomed tightness. My climax seemed like it would never stop. But, of course, it did. I got away without being arrested or spotted by a nosy neighbour. After Lucy Arkle, the remaining girls didn’t do much for me, not that I denied them. I finished school soon afterwards. But those girls and women, I’ve never forgotten them. And, now, neither will you. 