“He says he wants you to teach him how to tie a girl up and spank her,” Sabine told Julian. Julian was in the middle of a complicated tie, holding Sabine’s arms firmly behind her back as he secured them in place. He gave the rope a firm tug and spun her around to face him. “Down on the floor,” he said. With his hand on her arms to steady her, she sank to her knees obediently, and then, at his direction, further down, so that she was laying flat on her belly with her chest on the floor. For a moment he held her head down, preventing her from looking up: all she could see was the front of his booted feet and the floor beyond. She loved the sensation of being bound, of the strict rope biting into her flesh, of the feel of his hands on her, holding her in place. He moved behind her and bent her legs at the knees to bring them over her back. With a few deft movements, he wrapped her ankles tightly and secured them, heels against her ass, to her wrists. Next he pulled her hair back into the tie, arching her neck and back into a bow and exposing the long line of her throat. He stepped back and admired his handiwork for a moment, then moved out of her line of sight. A second later she heard the click of his camera as he immortalized his vision on film. She could just see him out of the corner of her eye, stepping in closer and then moving further back, the camera clicking away the whole time. He finally came back into her field of vision to stand in front of her. She strained to look up at him where he loomed over her, but the ropes restricted her movement and finally she just closed her eyes, forcing herself to relax into the tie, and felt herself begin to drift. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” she heard him say. “Hmm?” she murmured, eyes still closed, still in that half-dreaming state that rope so often put her. It’d been so long since either of them had spoken that she’d lost the thread of their earlier conversation. “This,” he said, and delivered two stinging slaps to her backside. She yelped, her eyes popped open and she jerked against the ropes in surprise. Her lover did not favor a subtle approach. “You’d – like – me – to – teach – Rick – how – to – do – this.” Each word punctuated by another smack! of his hand against her backside. As his hands, small for a man’s, but meaty and dense, connected with her bare skin, Sabine felt a familiar warmth spreading through her. As her ass warmed to his touch, so did the rest of her. Julian paused and ran his hand over the curve of her ass, soothing, or perhaps only admiring, the heat in her tender skin. The hog-tie did not allow for much movement, but what she could do, she did, wriggling her butt at him in what she hoped was a suggestive manner. The suggestion being: “Spank me! Spank me more!” He seemed to understand her body’s unspoken language perfectly. First, though, he reached down and loosened her hair from the tie, allowing her to drop her head to the floor so that she could catch her breath. Then he crouched next to her and started in again. This time he did start slow, patting her round, full ass from the curve where it met her thighs to the dip in her lower back and down again, striking every inch of flesh that the hog-tie left exposed. He slapped the skin on her thighs and hips and what he could reach of her calves, warming every bit of her. She sighed in pleasure, giving herself over to the feel of his hands on her flesh, to the rhythmic rat-a-tat-tat and the heat it was generating. Without changing the tempo, he began to ratchet up the intensity, smacking her harder, the pats becoming slaps and then deep, steady blows that threatened to take her breath away. She grunted as each strike connected, her body jerking involuntarily, and felt her cunt begin to throb in time to his slaps. Soon she was panting and moaning beneath his hands, writhing helplessly in the ropes on the floor, alternately trying to wriggle away and to expose more of herself to him, to open herself up from within the ropes even as her body flinched, even as she felt the blows reverberating throughout her entire body. She was no longer sure if she wanted him to continue or to stop. He stopped, and without a word slid a hand between her legs. She gasped as he pushed two fingers against the opening he found there. The folds of her cunt opened easily for him and she felt her wetness drenching his fingers as her body spread wide, like a greedy mouth, to accommodate him. She pushed back against his hand, moaning softly, fighting the ropes that kept her immobilized, wanting so much more. He laughed and pulled away. Standing abruptly, he looked down at her. She struggled to steady her breathing. He leaned down and put his fingers into her mouth, letting her taste her own excitement. “Oh yeah,” he said, “I think you’d like that a lot.” And then, “Set it up.” A week later Sabine perched on a barstool at her favorite wine bar, tapping her foot nervously as she waited for Rick to arrive. She checked her cellphone for what seemed like the tenth time. He was only five minutes late. She sipped her wine and told herself to be still. A moment later Rick walked in. She waved at him as he came in the door and he hurried over. “Sorry I’m late,” he said, giving her a somewhat awkward hug. She hadn’t seen him in a month or more, and she looked at him curiously, trying to figure out what was different about him. He saw her looking at him curiously. “Contacts,” he said, pointing to his face. “Aha!” she said. They both laughed, their initial awkwardness broken. While he ordered a beer, she discreetly gave him the onceover. A handsome man with blond hair and startlingly green eyes (she wondered how she could have missed their color before, even behind glasses), he towered over her own five feet two by at least a foot. She had never felt intimidated by his size before, however, and wasn’t now. She felt comfortable with him, even knowing that within the hour she would most likely be naked and bound before him. Her gaze dropped to his hands, which were large and long-fingered; thinking about what those hands would surely be doing to her soon, Sabine shuddered delicately. They’d met several months before at, of all things, a book discussion group. The book they’d been discussing had had some oblique references to a D/s relationship, and Sabine had felt compelled to correct some of the group’s misconceptions about the lifestyle of which she was a part. She had noticed Rick’s rapt attention as she spoke (as well as several others’ obvious disapproval) but she had only exchanged pleasantries with him in the months since. That is, until he had emailed her and asked her to tell him more about what she and Julian did. She had known instinctively that his enquiry wasn’t for wank material but that there was a genuine interest there, and they had exchanged several long emails before he had finally asked her if she and Julian would be willing to meet him in person to give him a “lesson.” BDSM 101. “When did you get interested in spanking?” she asked, when his beer arrived. He took a sip and looked thoughtful. “To be honest, it was your description of your relationship with Julian that intrigued me,” he said. “What he does to you, what you share, is so unique. So powerful. I haven’t stopped thinking about it since. And now . . . well, I’ve met someone. A woman who says she wants me to tie her up and spank her. It’s like a dream come true! Except . . .” He spread his hands wide and shrugged helplessly. “I don’t know how to do any of the things she wants.” He actually blushed as he said it, and Sabine felt her stomach do a little flip-flop. She remembered, now, how quiet and reserved he had always been in their book group and she found it both amazing and endearing that he had worked up the nerve to do this. She placed a hand on his arm. “We all had to start someplace,” she said. That someplace was Julian’s house a little less than an hour later. Sabine stood in the center of the room in only panties and a chemise, while Julian demonstrated different rope techniques on her. First he would tie a limb or other body part, then he would have Rick do the same to her. Rick was a fast learner, and although the setting was not in and of itself erotic, Sabine couldn’t help reacting to the feel of his and Julian’s hands on her, to the feeling of being a life-size doll, put there only to be moved around like an inanimate object, turned this way and that and maneuvered between them by their hands and the rope. She felt a slickness between her thighs, her pussy ached to be touched, and the room was redolent with the scent of her arousal. If either man noticed, they weren’t letting on. Occasionally though, as she was spun around or moved from one position to another, her arm or hip, or even, once, her cheek, brushed against a groin, and she felt an erection there, both Julian’s and Rick’s. You’re not as unaffected as you seem, she thought with a gleeful inner smirk. Finally Rick asked Julian about the “correct” way to give a good spanking. Sabine listened quietly as Julian went over the basic techniques for a “safe but effective” spanking. As he talked he re-coiled the rope and tossed it aside. Standing off to the side a little, Sabine stifled a yawn. She was much more a hands-on kind of girl. She sighed, shifted from one foot to the other, and wondered if he was ever going to actually show Rick how to spank her. Suddenly, and with no warning, Julian grabbed her by a handful of hair. Sabine let out a startled yip as he dragged her unceremoniously over to the spanking bench that he had set up in the middle of the room. Ignoring her protests, he pushed her roughly down across the bench and pinned her there with one hand. Sabine gasped as he landed the first blow across her ass, but when she jerked instinctively away he held her down more firmly and said, his voice cracking as sharply as his hand had across her ass, “Don’t move, slut!” He continued slapping her ass with his other hand, striking heavy blows on first one cheek and then the other with a ferocity that made her flinch and struggle futilely against his hold on her. “Julian!” she finally managed between gasps and grunts. “Please!” He stopped. “What?” he asked. “You want more?” She swallowed, still panting. Her backside was on fire, and her mind reeled, but the truth of the matter was that yes, she did want more. Yes, she liked a good long, warming-up-to-full-on spanking, but she also loved this too, this balls-out aggression that Julian exhibited at times. But the thing was, she knew that Rick was looking for something else. He’d told her about the talks he’d had with his new love-interest, and it didn’t sound to her like this was exactly the sort of spanking she was looking for. Something more . . . civilized . . . was in order. She looked back over her shoulder at Julian, with Rick standing right next to him, his mouth hanging open. She knew that with her legs spread like this over the spanking bench, both men could see very well how wet she was; how much the spanking had excited her. “Yes,” she said, because there was no sense in lying, “I do want more. But . . .” She had a sudden inspiration. An inspiration and a conviction that had been growing in her since she had sat next to Rick at the bar and watched him blush when he talked about what it was that he wanted. Straightening up from the bench, she turned around to face the two men and cocked her head. “I have an idea,” she said, rubbing her tender ass. “May I show him something, Julian?” Julian looked from her over to Rick and back again. “Sure,” he said. Sabine took Rick by the hand. “I like what Julian was doing, don’t get me wrong,” she said. “But . . . there’s another way I like it too. Can I show you?” She tugged on his hand to lead him toward a chair that stood in the corner. He hesitated a moment, then followed her. Eagerly, she thought. There was a mixture of anticipation and trepidation on his face that she recognized – she knew she’d worn just that expression, had had just that wonderful mix of conflicting feelings, herself. And inside herself she felt something unfurling in her chest, something waking up in answer to the hesitant, excited look in his eyes. She stepped close to him and slipped her hands inside the waistband of his shorts, caught the bottom of his shirt and tugged it gently out. “I want to feel you,” she said, her voice a husky murmur. She stood on tiptoe, allowing her breasts to brush against the springy blond curls on his chest, sliding her hands from his belly to his shoulders as she pulled his shirt up and over his head. Out of the corner of her eye she caught Julian watching them closely. “This will work so much better if you can feel it against your skin,” she said. And, she thought, if I can feel it against your skin. She was shocked at how much the idea of spanking him was turning her on. She reached for the waistband of his shorts again, noting how his breath caught as her fingernails grazed his belly. She looked up at him as she unbuttoned his fly and felt a tug, low in her belly, as she saw the beginnings of a smile cross his lips. Delighting in his reaction, she pulled his shorts and underwear down. His cock sprang out from the confines of his shorts as though seeking her mouth, but she only chuckled and shook her head. She saw a slight flush creeping over his chest and up his neck, and looked into his beautiful, green, inquisitive eyes, seeking an answer there. And found it. Never taking her eyes off his, she stepped forward again, drawn toward him as though pulled by a wire thrumming taut between them. A breath away from him, she stopped and placed a hand against his chest, lightly, so lightly. Face tilted up to his, they stood that way for a moment and simply breathed together. Then, putting a hand on his shoulder, she turned him around. Taking his wrists, she guided them to the arms of the wooden chair so that he was bent slightly at the waist. She trailed a hand down his back and over his haunches. God, his skin felt so good. Warm and surprisingly silky, with soft, downy hairs that tickled the palms of her hands. A sigh bubbled through her. She heard him take a tremulous breath as though in answer. She stroked a hand across his ass, cupping the roundness of it, admiring its firmness beneath her fingers, before lightly patting first one cheek and then the other. She lay herself against his bent back, stroked the skin of his ass and the backs of his thighs, and just breathed in the strong, male scent of him. When she felt him relax beneath her, she straightened and began to spank him. She started with pats, just testing the water, and loved the way her hand sprang back with each blow, the way he sighed and submitted to her, all the tension seeming to drain away from him. His ass was firm and round, but not too hard. Just the way an ass should feel, she thought. She spanked him harder, slow and steady, and harder still, deeper, until she was delivering sharp stinging blows, over and over across both cheeks. His ass began to glow, warm and pink. His breathing quickened, became a panting that matched the timing of her hand. She relished the sting in her palm, the crack of sound that her hand made each time it connected with his backside. She wanted to go deeper yet, but wasn’t sure if either of them was ready for that. She paused, taking a breath, then slapped him sharply once more, and felt him flinch. She liked the way his muscles tensed as she drew her hand back again, liked the way he seemed to be holding his breath, liked the way she could see his testicles between his legs, swinging back and forth as he moaned and swayed slightly. Instead of the smack he was expecting, that she wanted to deliver, she brought her hand down softly and stroked his heated flesh, then, simply, held her hands against his hot, red, tender skin. She stood that way for a time while their breathing slowed. After a moment she felt Julian’s hand on the back of her neck, his lips on the top of her head. She leaned into Rick, slipping her arms around his waist, feeling the heat from his skin against her belly, and Julian leaned against her, wrapping his arms around her just as hers were wrapped around Rick. The three of them stood that way for a long time, while Sabine’s and Rick’s breathing slowed. Finally, she pulled away and turned Rick around to face her. The wonder she felt was reflected in his face. “I think,” she said, touching a hand to his cheek and then to his lips, touching the smile that hovered there, “that that concludes Lesson One. For both of us.” 