As told to Michael Hemmingson Was rooming in a cheap hotel with Paola, one of the prettiest transsexuals in Tijuana, and whoring myself out for anything between ten and fifty bucks an hour. Told Paola not to worry her pretty head; we’d find a nicer place just as soon as we got back on our feet. Home sweet home had a bed and a window two floors up in the Hotel California. We worried about money and the next bottle of Vicodin. Every pharmacy tech on Avenida Revolucíon knew my face. “Hey Nachito,” they’d say, “back for the usual?” You build a tolerance. I can remember taking seven pills every four hours. Odd and funny dreams flowed seamlessly from night to day. Tijuana presented itself as the edge of the unknown where the lines of a new history were being rearranged. The contours of ordinary objects appeared dismembered, like the paintings you see in museums, and I was holding certain delusions about the world. Thought I could unlock doors without keys, predict the future, things like that. I am born of reasonably affluent parents, you understand. They’re still married; still go to garage sales on Saturdays and church on Christmas. Someday I should write an essay about how I wound up living among the whores of Tijuana. The front desk clerk required our names for the hotel’s records. Paola took a ballpoint pen and put hers next to mine. Nacho y Paola, it read. We then dug a few crumpled bills from our pockets and laid them on the desk. The clerk took our money and gave us a plastic sack with clean towels, soap, and a fresh roll of toilet paper. The words WELCOME TO THE HOTEL CALIFORNIA were stenciled in the window just like the lyrics to the Eagles’ song. On the street below, donkeys were painted black and white like zebras. They’re called Zonkies. Tourists could put on sombreros and have their picture taken with the Zonkies. That was the idea. I thought it was funny when a Zonkie pooped because it made the little kids scream and shout, “Look! He’s making caca in the street!” Paola preferred to hustle at the bar downstairs of our hotel. The El Paso bar was a long, narrow affair that catered primarily to gay American men who drank Coronas and eyed the round-faced Mexican boys. These men regarded me too but that wasn’t my deal. They bought me beers and I’d be friendly, drink the beer. “See dat tranny there?” I’d say, nodding at Paola. “Ain’t she purdy? How’d jew like to haf y’self a good ol’ time wit her?” Problem with drinking too much, my Texas twang comes out and I sound like a cartoon. That worked about one out of every four tries. The other three times I had to be a total dick. “I’m no fag, buddy,” I said, walking with a macho sway up the stairs with my free beer. Sought my clients on Craigslist. Usually I received emails from husbands, straight or otherwise, wanting me to bang their wives. For a good month, I was regularly doing a flight attendant from Kentucky whose husband, an airline pilot, watched us from the loveseat. In the darkness I saw the red dot of his video camera. The burning ember of his cigarette. These things I shall not forget. They were the bread and butter of my life in Tijuana. The flight attendant insisted that I not wear a condom. “It’s totally safe,” she assured me. “My tubes are tied.” They were OK enough, those two. Paola didn’t like it so much. “How do you know she’s clean?” she asked. I didn’t always have all the answers. “She said she was clean,” I said. “I buy it.” The husband paid upfront. No chit-chat or funny business. I don’t know how he cleaned his wife up after. First time I saw Paola was on a cool September evening. Mexican wrestling on the TV. Beer and tacos on my table. I was the only customer at the Hotel Nelson restaurant. A group of men had gathered outside the window to watch the wrestling match on a large plasma TV behind me. It looked like the men were watching me. Paola noticed these men and went to see what they were looking at on the other side of the glass. I was mid-bite when this happened. There was a body slam on the tube and the men outside hooted and hollered. Breasts blossomed from her chest and her hair was full and black and lustrous. It’s no stretch to use the feminine pronoun with Paola. I honestly thought she was a chick when I raised my hand and invited her inside to eat. Life sure can be funny that way. When she spoke, her voice was different: a man’s voice. “Hold it,” I said. “Are you a he-she?” “Yes,” Paola said. I’d never seen one that close before; believe me, I’m from Texas. She ran her foot up my leg. “Cut that out,” I said. “Hey.” The waitress looked at me. “Don’t get the wrong idea,” I said. Paola curled her lip and stood. “Wait a sec,” I said. “Don’t get upset. Have a seat,” I told her. She sat down. “It’s pretty cold out there,” I said. “Aren’t you freezing dressed like that?” “Yes,” Paola said. “You got someplace to go? Are you staying close by?” “No,” she said. “I’m from Rosarito. I don’t have money for a cab.” “Couldn’t you take the bus?” “The last one left an hour ago,” she said. I considered this as I sipped my beer. An old lady entered the restaurant with a dozen roses wrapped in plastic. She shuffled toward us. She wanted me to buy some roses. “No gracias,” I said. I noticed the whiskers on her chin. “Buy a rose for your novia,” the old lady said. “No.” Paola found this amusing. “Please,” she said, “mi novio,” she said. “Please?” “I’m already paying for dinner.” Wagged my finger at the old lady and also at Paola. But again, the old lady insisted I bought a rose and finally I caved and bought one. You’d have thought it was made of diamonds by the way Paola regarded it. “Could I stay with you?” was the next thing she requested. “Just tonight,” she said. I didn’t like the thought of her going back into the cold with those men. “All right,” I said. “One night; but no monkey business.” “Me gusta monkeys,” she said. Brushed my teeth at the bathroom sink while Paola fixed her eyebrows in the bedroom. Then she came into the bathroom and lifted her skirt to pee standing up like it was no big deal. I, being a tad gone on pills and booze, giggled at the sight. She swatted my shoulder playfully. I said, “Ouch.” The night stretched into a week. Weeks grew to months. I liked having Paola around; (s)he was smart with money and kept our place neat. We shopped for groceries at the market and found the cheapest pharmacies in town. One afternoon, Paola and I climbed aboard a Zonkie and had our picture taken because we thought it was the funniest thing in the world. I uploaded this photo to Facebook for all my friends to scratch their heads over. I got a few comments from people wanting to know who the pretty girl was. Paola got the photo framed at Sears and kept it on the dresser. At night, we lay on a queen-sized mattress with our pharmasuicidal buzzes, watching the ceiling fan spin. They say you can choose your friends but not your family and sometimes I have to wonder. I met you for breakfast at the Hotel Nelson restaurant and explained the new roommate situation. “So she’s got a dick?” you said. “Yep.” “And breasts?” “Estrogen hormones.” You considered this while you carved your flapjacks. “So she’s a he?” “No,” I said. “He’s a she.” “A hermaphrodite.” “I wouldn’t call her that. She’s something else.” “Cross-dresser.” “I wouldn’t call her that either.” You put your fork through the flapjacks. “Here’s the question,” you said. “Which restroom does she use when you’re in public?” I thought about that. “Don’t know; never thought to look.” Paola and I caught a cab to Zona Norte for a late supper with you and your pregnant girl, Belén, which is Spanish for Bethlehem. Paola was drunk on Cuervo and Vicodin and talking about the differences between men and women. She’d lived for a time as both genders, so maybe that gave her the right. Paola said, “A man can say ‘I love you’ to a woman and never telephone her again. But when a woman says it, she means it always.” Belén nodded. “I don’t know,” you said. “I’ve known women who could turn it on and off like a faucet.” Paola said, “Men always think woman are crazy. And you know what? Women think men are selfish.” “Now wait a minute,” I said. Paola nudged me because she had to use the baño, so I slid out the booth to let her go. Which restroom would she use?Damas or Caballeros? The three of us turned and watched. “Ah,” you said. “Go figure.” “She’s pretty,” Belén said. “Are you two . . . ?” “No,” I said. “We are not what you think we are.” A fistfight broke out in front of the café. Two drunks. A few jabs were exchanged and when the men were pulled apart, everybody ran in opposite directions. Minutes later a truck of heavily armed soldiers occupied the sidewalk. We watched the soldiers, two men and two women, stand with their fingers on the triggers. They looked like they wanted to shoot somebody. Slowly they climbed in the truck and drove away. “The cops do that to scare us,” you said. “They only stand around long enough to make a point.” Belén agreed. Paola returned and I told her about the soldiers. “Perros,” she said. The nights got colder and fewer American dollars flowed into Tijuana. Needed more Vicodin; if I didn’t take enough, I got the headaches and cold sweats. In my mouth the pills were sweet as honey, but as soon as I’d swallowed, they became bitter in my belly. You paid for the entire dinner and I threw up in the toilet. The midnight fog cleared as we strolled home to the Hotel California. Paola was wrapped in my safari jacket. “I’ll never understand women,” I said. I was thinking of my ex-girlfriend in San Diego. On her Facebook page, she listed her status as “widowed.” “Do you really want to?” “Yes, I do. I really do.” “Mira,” Paola said. She pointed to the glow in the sky where the moon pierced the fog. “We change our minds as often as the moon changes her face. That’s why you must listen carefully to women.” The moon was illuminating the sidewalk and reflecting in the puddles and I looked down and admired the moon shadow beneath her feet. We climbed the narrow stairs. Paola removed her earrings, we got into bed. I was having a bad dream and she shook me. “What is it?” I said. Paola said, “Wake up, Nachito, I have something to say to you.” “What’s wrong?” “Oh,” she said. “I love you, Nachito. Te amo.” “What?” “I love you.” I rolled over. She took my hand and held it and I paid her no attention. I awoke to Blondie’s “Heart of Glass” playing loudly on the jukebox downstairs. I love the eighties. I was born in that decade. One evening in late January we stopped in at the Agua Caliente casino and put our last ten-peso coin in a slot machine. The streets were slick with rain and the cuffs of my pants were wet and cold. I watched the dials spin and spin and one by one they stopped on three watermelons. Sirens and bells went off. “Oh shit,” I said, thinking we’d done something illegal. The equivalent of three hundred US dollars spilled into the receptacle. To us, it was a small fortune. We scooped everything into a plastic cup. “Ay Dios mios,” Paola said. “Let’s celebrate! Let’s go dancing.” “We should put this money in the bank.” “The banks are closed, Nachito. Why don’t we dance?” “I’m not in the mood,” I said. “Oh, please,” she said. “Por favor, mi Nachito.” The Rio Verde Club was hopping. I took some crisp bills into the baño and had some cocaine with the cartel boys. The waiter brought beer after beer and everything was fine. The norteño music was loud and spastic. Men and women whirled about the dance floor like socks in a dryer and everything popped. Paola and I shimmied and stepped and I twirled her around like a weightless thing. People were staring at us. They realized what she was and they didn’t like it. It was the rudest thing ever. I wanted to punch somebody in the face, which is the last thing you want to do at a place like the Rio Verde club, a known cartel soldier hangout where cocaine is sold in the bathrooms. Waiting for us outside the club was a lady cop. The cop frisked Paola and found a little cocaine in her purse and then she frisked me and found nothing. Paola looked at me for help. What was I supposed to do? Why the hell did she buy coke in the bathroom? I offered a bribe to the lady cop and she said I could go to jail for doing that. Police cars arrived. I was frisked again, this time by a man, and all the money we had won disappeared. They cuffed Paola and shoved her in the back seat. A crowd of onlookers gathered and pointed. “Mira,” they said. “The tranny is getting arrested! The tranny is going to jail!” At the Hotel California I turned on the lights and got undressed. There, on the dresser, was the picture of us on the Zonkie. I looked at that photo for a good while. The police were no help. They wanted a full name. I didn’t know her full name, his full name. For weeks I approached strangers at the El Ranchero Bar and asked if they’d seen or heard anything about Paola. I always got the same response: “Oh, muchacho, she prolly went home. Happens a lot.” “Are you sure?” “Nobody stays in TJ forever,” they said. “People go home to their old lives,” they said. I suspected Paola had simply quit dressing like a woman – you know, blended into acceptable Mexican society, maybe grown a beard. There’s no telling. She could have been any Chico walking down the street. 