 The humming of a building crane and monotonous strike of a distant hammer beat heavily through the idleness of the summer afternoon as Annie let her eyes wander over the groups of soldiers lingering across from her perch on the watchtower – the men from the 8th Infantry Division on her side of the barbwire and slabs of concrete, the Russian soldiers gathering with members of the East German police corps on the other. None of them seemed to have anything particular to do. They looked as calm as the air that hung leaden over the city. But she knew the soldiers on West Berlin ground had a sharp eye on what was happening on the other side of the border, which would soon be manifested with a wall much taller than a man’s height. They were watching the enemy, on the lookout for even the slightest commotion that could be a sign of people trying to escape to freedom. The Soviet soldiers that guarded the construction site on the eastern side were looking for the exact same thing. Two weeks ago, they had started to build the wall, and ever since that day, fugitives had been fleeing the eastern part of the city. Officially, the US troops and the Allied forces stationed around them didn’t interfere. But it was an open secret that they would help anyone who made an attempt to choose their side. Annie sighed a little. Even though the soldiers appeared to have hardly anything to do, she would trade her work as a cryptographer any time for their tasks. She had never been one for staying inside, and she would happily exchange her uniform and pumps for her male comrades’ boots and fatigues. She scratched her neck, slightly sticky with a sheen of sweat. At least the skirt was a welcome relief for the summer, one of the hottest that Europe had seen in decades. She reached for a field glass and let her gaze wander over the Soviet soldiers leaning against a fence. To her, they all looked the same. Tall and pale-skinned, but with red cheeks and a slightly defiant, proud expression around their lips. One, though, stood out from the crowd. His stout figure gave him an angular appearance, but his gestures when he talked weren’t stodgy or gruff at all. His face was round and open. She would sometimes catch sight of him on her strolls outside the command post, and her heart would always beat a bit faster, though she couldn’t exactly figure out why. He wasn’t supposed to make her feel that way, after all. She was a county commissioner’s daughter from the Midwest, she believed in the Apollo mission, Elvis Presley and the New York Yankees. He was a captain serving a Communist regime. Now he took off his cap and wiped his forehead. She adjusted the binocular to take a closer look. His light blond hair was just a bit too long. Not so much that it would get him into trouble with regulations, but enough for her to see that any further inch could. She imagined him losing himself in tunes played by forbidden radio stations as soon as his daily duty was over. “Second Lieutenant McMillan,” came a voice behind her. She turned and saluted the First Lieutenant. “Keeping a close watch on the enemy?” “I . . .” “You know you’re not supposed to be up here,” he said. His voice was stern, but she could see an amused glimmer in his eyes. “I’m sorry, sir. But I’m off duty,” she hurried to add. “Even more reason,” he said good-naturedly. “Yes, sir.” That night, when she went to bed in her cabin, sleep didn’t find her for hours. She blamed the sticky air, but the true culprit, she knew deep down, must have been the Soviet soldier. “You can’t go out there now!” Mae protested. “Look!” She pointed at the window, where towering grey clouds had darkened the sky so much that the late afternoon looked more like evening. Thunder was rolling in the distance. “I have to. My mother gave me that watch before I left for Europe!” Annie grabbed her garrison cap and gave her friend a look that sought her understanding. “I know where I must have lost it. I’ll be back before the storm gets here.” Before Mae could further object, Annie ran out of the office building that hosted their command post and headed straight for the construction line. When she reached the deserted no man’s land, the first drops of rain began to fall. Heavy, thick blobs soon speckled the dusty ground with dark spots. She threw a glance at the clouds being chased by the wind. No way would she return now, even if the price to pay was getting soaked to the bone. She’d probably lost her watch while strolling here during lunch break today, and she silently cursed herself for not having replaced its threadbare strap earlier. Through an opening where the barbed wire hadn’t already been replaced with cement slabs, she could see some workers running into a shed and the lights being turned on in the Russian barracks. The machines stood still, and all she could hear was the thunder’s glowering rumble. She passed a pile of cobblestones that smelled as only stones could in the middle of a city when the summer rain made their smooth surface shine. Careful not to come too close to the fence while keeping her eyes on the ground, she startled when a glaring bolt of lightning tore through the gloom. Thunder followed a moment later; hard and striking, it pierced the air with its force. As if on command, the raindrops multiplied. Soon enough, her cord jacket was soggy, and she could feel the wetness nibbling at her shirt. She turned up the collar of the jacket to prevent streaks of water from trickling down her wet hair onto her neck. Big puddles formed on the ground. She hadn’t expected them to cover the site that quickly, but suddenly, she found herself in the middle of a vast lake with only a few islands of mud scattered across it. The raindrops bounced off the surface of the water like shiny little pearls glistening whenever a flash of light hit them. She stuffed her cap into the pocket of her jacket and started to jump from mud speck to mud speck, unable to see much ahead of her, so thick was the curtain of water lashing down. Realizing she had come quite close to the wall, she paused and looked for a place to wait for the thunderstorm to pass. Suddenly, she felt a hand grabbing her shoulder. She shrieked and turned to find the bear-like Soviet soldier standing right next to her. “Nje,” he said, making a gesture with his fingers, then pointing to where they were standing. She looked at him with wide eyes, and he added the word “Gefahr”, his voice loud to drown out the rushing of the wind and water. She thought she knew the meaning of that German word. “You mean it’s dangerous to be here?” He nodded. “Dangerous.” His accent was hard, but it was softened by the concern in his voice. She ducked her head as another flash of lightning darted from above. “But there’s no one around, and I know the area.” Did she see his mouth twitch in the dazzling white light? He said something in Russian, then shook his head. “Woman nje out. Dangerous.” “I’m not a woman. I’m a second lieutenant in the Women’s Army Corps of the United States of America.” She raised her chin and tried her best not to blink as the raindrops hit her eyes. For a moment, he frowned, and she wondered if he suddenly realized that she was, after all, the enemy. But then he broke out in loud laughter, a laughter so hearty, it couldn’t be swallowed even by the grumbling thunder. “Come,” he said curtly. He grabbed her arm and rushed her across the open space to a place where concrete slabs were piled high. As she tried to keep up with his long steps, she wondered if it was wise to follow a Soviet soldier she knew nothing about, with no one else to turn to and nobody in her unit knowing where she was. And yet, this was more a curious feeling than real fear. At one side of the piled slabs stood a small stand where cigarette stubs swam in big pools of rainwater. He dragged her behind it to a narrow passageway where the stand’s roof met the stacked slabs. It was dry, and the cement had even stored some of the day’s heat. Annie leaned against the back of the shelter and panted. She smiled at him. “Thank you.” He returned the smile. After some moments, he pointed to his chest. “Sergei.” Her smile became bigger. “I’m Annie.” He nodded formally, and she couldn’t help but find him incredibly endearing. Now, no longer running or concentrating on her way, she became aware of how the water had crept into every layer of her clothing and how chilly she was growing. Sergei tilted his head and narrowed his eyes. Then, he took off the raincoat he was wearing. He folded it, carefully laid it on the floor and took off his jacket as well. Another thunderbolt lightened the darkness for a few seconds, and she could see that he had not been affected much by the rain apart from a few dark patches on his shoulders. He made a step towards her and motioned her to take off her jacket. She could feel his eyes on her face as she unbuttoned it, and it made the blood rush to her cheeks. Her fingers trembled, and she fumbled with the buttons. He waited patiently, then took the damp cord suit from her hands and placed it on top of his coat. As he reached around her to put his jacket over her shoulders, she could smell his body and the rain on it. In the mingling scents of wet cord, gabardine, rain-soaked mud and his soap, she felt strangely comforted and safe. He closed the top button of the jacket, and Annie could feel the goose bumps vanishing from her cold skin. “Thank you,” she said once more and cleared her throat as she heard her own voice croaky and strange. “Spahseeba,” he said, and his breath touched her face. It tasted of tea and some fruit, dark and sweet. “Spahseeba?” “Thank you. Russki.” “Oh.” She blushed and tugged the coat a bit closer around her. He didn’t retreat; instead, he propped one of his huge hands against the wall and continued to watch her. Annie raised her head a bit and looked directly into his face. “Spahseeba,” she whispered, and the next moment, the fruity smell of his breath touched her lips, followed by his warm mouth on hers. Another flash of light streaked through the passageway and by the time the thunder roared, he had pressed her against the shelter’s wall. She grabbed his arms, and they felt just as strong as she’d imagined they would. He lifted her up a little while he kissed her and, for a moment, she could feel how excited he was through her skirt and his uniform slacks. They broke the kiss, both catching their breath, and even in the shadows she could see the quizzical look on his face. She bit her bottom lip and took off his cap. His hands didn’t let go of her waist, and they radiated warmth to her skin even through her damp shirt. He stood completely still, and her heart turned towards him. She ran her fingers through the blond hair and down his temple. His skin felt soft from the rain. When he didn’t show any reaction, she moved the tip of her finger to trace the shape of his lips. He opened them, and she ran her fingers farther down his chin, over his neck, to the hollow above his collarbone. She pressed herself a little closer against him and placed a kiss on his mouth. The force with which he answered and deepened her kiss left no doubt that he had just been waiting for her cue. The tenderness of his hands as they crept underneath her shirt to explore her skin revealed that it hadn’t been a lack of experience or shyness holding him back. A shiver ran through her body as his rough fingers ran down her spine and trailed the rim of her skirt. Their touch felt so warm, and when his fingernail grazed her hips and traced the line of her curves up to her arms, she moaned softly into his mouth. He smiled against her lips and next thing she knew, his hand was cupping her breast and caressing it so givingly, it made her forget about the bra that lay between his skin and hers. Another flash crashed down from above, and she noticed that it took a while until the thunder followed. The rain was still pouring, but she couldn’t help feeling anxious – anxious that the workers would return, anxious that someone might catch them red-handed. She fumbled with the buttons of his pants, and he stepped back a bit. While she opened his slacks, he watched her face, his gaze unwavering. “U teebiya krahseeviyeh glahza,” he muttered. The admiration in his eyes told her something about the meaning of the mysterious words, and when his thumb ran over her brow and down her cheek, she assumed he had made a compliment about her looks. She gave him a smile, and the high that rushed through her body at the thought of what she was about to do thrilled her. She found her way into his shorts and fondled his wiry curls. It aroused her almost as much as it did him. So much time had passed since she had last felt a man’s touch, and it was even more special now because he was making her feel simply good. His cock bobbed against her hand, and she curled her fingers around it. He closed his eyes and groaned. Very softly, she began stroking him up and down, and he let her do as she pleased for some moments. Then, with the next rumble that rolled through the skies, Annie found herself pinned against the walls of the shelter. Maybe he was realizing that the thunderstorm wouldn’t last much longer; maybe her caress had become too much. Maybe he had wanted her all along. He shoved up her skirt and yanked down her panties. A strangled moan escaped his lips as his fingers stroked her pussy, and the surprise she thought she heard left her embarrassed at the moist sensation he must certainly be feeling, a dead giveaway of how turned on she was. She lowered her gaze. Sergei lifted up her chin. The look in his eyes was sincere, and the kiss he gave her made her abandon any feelings of shame. He took the hand that was still rubbing his cock and put it around his neck. He held her tight as he entered her, very carefully, but when she responded to his first deliberate strokes, he grew more daring. Her fingers dug into his shoulder and a surge of warmth flooded her body as he completely abandoned his restraint. Annie buried her face in his chest as he rocked her with heavy thrusts; locked in his embrace, she let him carry her away. Their moans mixed with the sound of raindrops tumbling on the roof and the hauling of the wind around their retreat. A bolt of light flashed through the clouds and as the thunder died in the distance, they leaned against each other, gasping. Her head resting against Sergei’s heaving chest, Annie drank in his scent. He didn’t break away immediately, but rocked her a little bit back and forth in his arms, as if he were dancing to a tune playing in his head. “Sergei . . .” she whispered, and he smiled. He placed two fingers on her mouth, then moved them to his mouth and kissed the tips that had just touched her lips. After he had redone his clothes, he bent down and picked up her jacket. In a silent gesture, he held it out to her, but instead of taking it, she wrapped her arms around him and remained in his embrace until the rain’s intensity was no more than a soft thrum on the roof. “If I stay for much longer, I won’t be able to leave,” she whispered, and she knew he understood because his arms held her even tighter, and he buried his face in her hair. She took her jacket from his hands, removed his coat and reached around him to drape it around his shoulders. “Spahseeba,” she whispered and quickly kissed him. She hopped through the muddy pools back to her command post, not noticing the water that splashed across her legs or how the construction site was once again filling up with workers. Only when she reached the security booth did she throw a quick glance back. Her watch would be forever gone. But she had found something else while searching for it. A few days later, as she was on her way out of the office, Annie passed a group of fellow soldiers from her unit talking about the Russian troops. She bent over the water fountain to listen. “I heard it is some sick sort of sport to them, like a . . . a hunt,” she overheard one of the women saying. “And afterwards, they brag about how they seduced the enemy,” another woman said. Annie choked on the water she was about to swallow and ran towards the bathrooms where she threw up. Panting, she looked at her face in the mirror. Her eyes had a reddish brim, and she hadn’t looked that pale in a long time. Whatever Sergei had complimented her on, he surely would change his mind if he saw her like this. So maybe he was one of those? No, he couldn’t be. He had treated her with such respect and consideration. She rinsed her mouth to get rid of the sickening taste. But he hadn’t really hesitated to sleep with her. And he had seemed experienced. The doubts didn’t leave her all day, and they continued to haunt her deep into the night. By lunch break the next day, she had decided she would take the risk of climbing up the watchtower again. She wasn’t sure what she expected to see or if it even mattered at all. She saluted the guard on duty and, when he didn’t pay her much attention, rushed past him towards the side of the tower facing the border. There he was – Sergei, standing in a group of soldiers patrolling the construction site. She watched him turn to a private and strike up a chat. Something the private said must have been funny because soon Sergei was laughing. As she watched his open mouth, she remembered the sound of his laughter, deep and genuine. The other soldier walked away, and Sergei turned his head towards where she was standing. For some reason, she had the feeling it wasn’t the first time he had peeked over to the US watchtower. He squinted and stood completely still. With bated breath, she watched him cast a quick glance at his surroundings before looking back right at her. His face crinkled into a broad smile and for the blink of a second, he tipped his hat. In the bright midday sun, she beamed back at him. 