She tossed the skirt and top onto the growing pile of rejected clothes on her bed. She knew she wanted to look just right for him, sexy yes, but not cheap. Rummaging through her wardrobe for the umpteenth time – Ah! Now she thought, I’d forgotten I had this. She stepped into the dress and fastened the buttons down the front. Then looking at her reflection in the full-length mirror – yes that’s it, she told herself. The green dress matched her eyes perfectly, contrasting so beautifully with her auburn hair. She was showing some cleavage, enough to be a teaser but not too much. It was a bright sunny day as she set off to go to town. It wasn’t far so the walk would do her good. She was gratified to hear a low wolf whistle as she passed a building site. Knowing she looked sexy – a smile lit up her face. Normally she would have been flattered at this male attention – she might even have stopped to flirt, but now she had her mind on only one thing – she was a woman with a mission. She looked up apprehensively at the darkening sky; grey clouds had replaced the white fluffy ones of only a moment ago. A large raindrop landed on her nose, then another and another. Not now please, she pleaded with the gods of the weather. Unable to see any shelter she had no choice but to keep going – hoping that this was just a passing shower. People were hurrying by crouching under their umbrellas paying no attention to the small auburn haired young woman, looking wet and bedraggled as she entered ‘The Sex Boutique’. I must look a right mess, she thought. After all the trouble I took getting dressed. I did so want to look my best. The shop was empty except for a gorgeous hunk standing behind the counter. Merrilee got the familiar butterflies in her tummy at the sight of him. Oh how she wished he’d put her over his knee and give her a long sensuous spanking, just the thought of it made her bottom tingle and her pussy juice up. But geez there’s not much chance of that now, she thought. Why did it have to rain and spoil my plans? ‘Oh! hello, Merrilee, good to see you again,’ said Joe the manager of the shop. ‘Did you go swimming and forget to take your towel?’ ‘No,’ she retorted. ‘I went to feed the ducks and fell in.’ ‘Now, Merrilee, there’s no need to be sarcastic,’ Joe said, laughing at her obvious discomfiture. ‘Right we can’t have you dripping all over the shop now, can we? Come on in the back and get dried.’ Joe ushered her into the room behind the shop. He turned on the gas fire. ‘We’ll soon get you warm.’ Although it was a warm day, Merrilee realised she had goose bumps and her teeth were chattering. Joe disappeared into another room and came back with a huge towel. ‘Here, Merrilee, take off those wet clothes, they’ll be dry in no time,’ he said. ‘But what if someone comes in, I’ve only got my bra and pants under this dress?’ ‘Don’t worry, no one can see you. Put the towel around you, if you’re modest. Well I am expecting someone anytime now. I think he’d like to meet you.’ ‘Who is it?’ she asked. ‘His name’s Jed, now come on, get out of those wet clothes. ‘That’s a good girl,’ Joe said as she stepped out of her dress. He draped it over a chair. ‘It should be dry in no time.’ Merrilee wrapped the towel around herself, then realising that was not the image she wanted to portray, tossed it aside. She was aware of Joe’s admiring grey eyes looking her up and down. She knew she looked good in her black Wonderbra with matching briefs. Having towel-dried her auburn hair she asked Joe for the use of a comb. ‘Don’t want it drying any which way,’ she said. By now Merrilee’s mind was spinning. Here was her golden opportunity. She so wanted Joe to spank her. Maybe she could turn things around and get what she wanted after all. She smiled mischievously at the thought. Joe couldn’t take his eyes off her. ‘Now, Merrilee, that was a cheeky smile just then. What were you thinking?’ ‘Nothing,’ and she started wandering around the room – picking up various leather items, examining them and putting them down again. ‘Hey! what’s this?’ ‘That Merrilee is a flogger. Haven’t you seen one before?’ ‘What do you do with it?’ she asked, looking wideeyed and innocent. ‘Shall I show you?’ ‘Hmmm, maybe, or there again, maybe not,’ she shrugged her shoulders. ‘Merrilee, little girls who can’t make up their own minds – may find themselves having their minds made up for them.’ ‘What do you mean?’ ‘I’m going to give you the spanking you so richly deserve.’ ‘Yeah, right, it takes a man not a mouse.’ ‘Now that sounds like a challenge to me,’ said Joe, as he moved towards her. She backed away from him until she felt the cold metal of a filing cabinet pressing into her back. ‘Come on, Merrilee, you’ve been a little brat for months now, it’s high time you learned not to be a tease.’ Catching hold of her wrist, Joe pulled her across the room. Sitting down on the couch he pulled her over his knee. ‘Don’t you dare touch me,’ she said … sending a prayer of thanks up to the spanking gods. ‘You, young lady, are not in a position to tell me what I can or can’t do.’ Joe brought his right hand down on her upturned bottom – leaving a burning sensation in her right cheek. Raising his arm he brought his hand down again on her left one. ‘Owwwww! That bloody hurt, you lousy rotten sod.’ ‘Swearing at me, Merrilee, is not one of your best ideas,’ Joe said. ‘And a spanking is meant to hurt.’ She wriggled but he just held her even tighter. Oh how she loved a masterful man. ‘This is not a proper spanking, Merrilee, a proper spanking is on the bare bottom.’ Joe hooked his fingers into the waistband of her knickers and pulled them down to mid thigh. Merrilee reached behind her and attempted to pull them back up again. ‘No you don’t, young lady.’ He caught hold of her right arm and held it up her back. ‘This is what all brats should be getting on a regular basis.’ He went on spanking her bare bottom … first one cheek then the other. She increased her wriggling as her bottom started to tingle and feel very warm. ‘Your bottom is definitely looking much better now,’ he gave a grunt of satisfaction. ‘But it’s not nearly red enough.’ ‘You lousy rotten swine,’ she squealed while thumping his legs. ‘Thump me again brat and I’ll take my belt off to you.’ Merrilee thought about this new threat for the whole of a second – then she thumped his leg again. Joe pulled her up into a sitting position. She watched totally enthralled as he slowly pulled his leather belt from its loops. Her eyes growing bigger as he wrapped the belt around his hand, leaving about twelve inches. ‘Right, young lady, let’s have you back over my knee, maybe a taste of my belt will improve your behaviour.’ He pulled her back over his knee. Jiggled her about until he was satisfied she was in the right position and raised his right hand and arm … The shrill screaming of the shop bell made them both jump. ‘That may be Jed.’ Pulling her up unceremoniously into a sitting position he handed her a vibrator from the shelf. ‘Here Merrilee enjoy yourself,’ he left her and went through to the shop closing the door behind him. Merrilee’s pussy was by now hot and throbbing, her juices flowing – she was so wet. The vibrator slipped inside her easily – she lay back on the couch, pushing it in and out going ever deeper into her pussy, she was breathing erratically, almost gasping for breath; her green eyes were closed, she just knew she was going to come – she was so absorbed in what she was doing, she didn’t realise she was no longer alone. Joe had returned, but he had someone with him. ‘Hello, Merrilee,’ said this deep masculine voice. ‘I was hoping to meet you. Joe has told me all about your brattiness.’ ‘Not me, I’m a little angel.’ ‘Of course you are, but even angels need reminding every so often that their halos are slipping. Isn’t that right, Joe?’ ‘With you all the way, mate.’ ‘Seems I obviously interrupted something, I take it you were spanking her? So why don’t you start again, Joe? I’d love to watch.’ ‘With pleasure, Jed. Hey, why don’t you video it? Would you like that, Merrilee? Jed makes spanking videos.’ ‘Yes, yes, yes,’ squealed Merrilee excitedly. ‘I’ve always wanted to be in a video.’ ‘Good girl,’ said Joe approvingly. ‘That’s the second time you called me a good girl. Told you I was.’ ‘You, Merrilee, are good at being naughty.’ ‘I’ve got my camcorder in the car, won’t be a minute,’ Jed left the shop. He came back carrying his camcorder and a Tripod. ‘Joe you better shut up shop now,’ he suggested. With the shop closed and Jed’s camcorder set up, Merrilee asked if she could freshen up a bit. Taking her dress that was dry by then, she went into the washroom. Eventually, all was in place. It was decided that Joe should do the spanking, as Jed was the expert with the camcorder. ‘Merrilee, sit down on the couch, you, Joe, sit next to her,’ said Jed. ‘Now Merrilee, I want you to do what comes naturally to you, be a brat and you Joe sort her out with a sound spanking. OK?’ ‘Absolutely, there’s nothing I’d like better,’ said Joe. ‘Oh, and, Merrilee, forget about the camera – just enjoy yourself.’ She felt giddy with excitement, wasn’t this just what she’d been dreaming about for ever. Joe interrupted her thoughts. ‘Now Merrilee get back over my knee,’ ‘Shan’t,’ she said. ‘You can’t make me.’ Joe gave a big sigh, ‘Seems to me you need some persuasion.’ Getting hold of her left arm, he yanked her over his knee. His left arm encircled her waist, while her short tight skirt had ridden up – revealing her cute little bottom covered by black see-through knickers. She wriggled, trying to escape as he raised his right arm and brought the palm of his hand down on her right cheek. Raising his arm again, his hard hand landed on her left cheek. ‘Yeowwwww!’ she shrieked. ‘That bloody hurt.’ ‘Swearing, Merrilee, tut tut most unladylike.’ Joe landed another twenty spanks on her upturned bottom cheeks. Despite her wriggling, she couldn’t escape the hot stinging blows. She felt his hard cock pressing into her side. Great, she thought, he’s getting turned on too. ‘I think these knickers need to come down,’ Joe said. ‘I don’t think you can feel this spanking through them.’ He tugged her panties down her thighs. ‘That’s better, I can see what I’m doing now.’ He continued spanking her. Merrilee, through the stinging of her bottom, also felt that old familiar feeling of excitement. Her bottom tingled and felt as if it was on fire. ‘Oh my God!’ she cried out as her wildly kicking legs allowed the floodwaters to open and her juices ran freely. ‘Merrilee, you naughty little girl, you are soaking my trousers, have you no shame?’ She giggled, wriggling her bottom provocatively at him. ‘It seems, you little brat, that my hand is having no effect on you. Maybe my belt will get through to you better.’ Joe pulled her into a sitting position and she watched excitedly as he slowly removed his belt from its loops. He wound the belt around his hand – leaving enough to use on her bottom. Then taking hold of her wrist he once again pulled her over his knee. Merrilee had a feeling of satisfaction. She loved the belt and now here she was getting her own way. Was this really happening to her or was she having a lovely dream and would wake up to find herself alone in her bed? ‘I don’t like the belt,’ she protested. And to prove it she soaked his trousers even more. ‘That’s OK, Merrilee,’ laughed Joe. ‘You’re not supposed to like it. You’re being punished for being a brat.’ ‘My bottom’s on fire.’ She renewed her struggles. But the more she wriggled the tighter he held her. ‘You’re making a lot of fuss, your bottom is only slightly pink.’ Joe pulled her up once more into a sitting position. ‘Let’s try something new.’ Joe pushed her over the arm of the couch. ‘Come on, get that bottom of yours up higher.’ And he pushed her head down into the seat of the couch. ‘Now stay there,’ he ordered. She didn’t usually do as she was told and had no intention of doing so now. She stood up, but Joe was across the room in a couple of strides; pushing her back down over the arm of the couch. Giving her another dozen hard stinging slaps with his hand, causing her to violently wriggle her bottom. ‘Now maybe you will stay down,’ he said. This time she did as she was told. But twisting her head she tried to see what he was up to. But whatever it was he was hiding behind his back, she couldn’t see. Pushing her head back down into the seat of the couch – she felt something soft but slightly stingy land on her bottom and whatever it was wrapped around her hips. What on earth was it? she thought. It was a new sensation but wow! It was fantastic. ‘What are you using?’ she asked. ‘The flogger, Merrilee, you asked me earlier how it was used. Now you are about to find out.’ ‘Hey! I love it. It … it,’ she had difficulty explaining how it made her feel. ‘It is meant to titillate rather than hurt,’ explained Joe. ‘Now if it’s OK with you, Merrilee, I’ll carry on.’ ‘Well stop talking about it and get on with it then.’ ‘You, young lady, have far too much to say for yourself.’ He raised his right arm and brought the flogger down on her bottom. She couldn’t understand why there seemed to be a pause between each stroke. So she twisted her head again to watch what he was doing. He was straightening out the fronds of the flogger and twisting them before he aimed another blow at her bottom. After a few more strokes she was wriggling about again – but now it was because she was getting so aroused and was moaning softly. Suddenly Joe stopped hitting her and instead he gently nudged her legs apart and let the fronds of the flogger trail between her legs. ‘You’re turning me on,’ she hissed. ‘Shall I stop then?’ ‘Oh God, no,’ she gasped. Joe continued hitting her with it, then every so often, letting the fronds of soft suede gently caress the inside of her thighs. Without warning the rhythm changed. Now he was using the flogger to flail gently between her shoulder blades; using a circular movement. Joe’s use of the flogger had Merrilee wanting more and more. He would start at her shoulder blades and slowly work his way down her back to her violently swaying bottom. Then he would tease her until she was almost screaming out for release. He stopped hitting her with the flogger. She soon knew his intention as she felt him enter her from behind. As he thrust into her, she pushed her hot twitching bottom up to meet him. She came first, closely followed by Joe. But as his cum filled her, she orgasmed again. It came in waves, ebbing and flowing for some minutes. They were both exhausted. Sitting on the couch with their arms around each other, they’d have fallen asleep if Jed hadn’t spoken. ‘Well done, you two. I think we have a new spanking video star Joe. Would you like that, Merrilee, to be a professional actor and get paid for being spanked?’ ‘I wouldn’t like it Jed … I’d love it,’ laughed Merrilee. 