I have a long list of locals that I can make a call to when I feel like getting fucked (which is pretty much every night) but when I go on the road, it’s another story. When away from home, I usually end up scouring the local hangouts and picking up a stranger to bring back to my room. There are certain cities, however, where I have a regular stashed away. Like Scottsdale, for example. But my regular there isn’t another man. It’s a woman. Vanessa is the yin to my yang, a stacked, sexy little blonde with great tits and a big ass that is the exact opposite of my thin, lithe, athletic frame and dark hair. She’s not like me in bed either; she’s far more submissive and not nearly as vocal. She’s content to let me take charge of things in the bedroom, and while she’s open to every kind of a sex act imaginable, she rarely initiates anything during sex, with me or the men we’re with. I met Vanessa a couple years back. I was at a bar towards the end of the night, drinking by myself, scoping out men, but it was pretty empty and there was nobody worth fucking. Vanessa was tending the bar, and it wasn’t long before we were chatting each other up just to pass the time. One thing led to another, and after she finished her shift, she came over to my hotel room and we spend a wonderful night together, screwing around until the sun came up. But as much as we liked fucking other women, both of us preferred cock. So the next couple nights we spent out and about, finding men and bringing them back to my room to double-team. Needless to say, it was a great trip. And now, every time I find myself in Scottsdale, I give Vanessa a ring. Like tonight. # Vanessa is waiting in the lobby of my hotel when I arrive. And not only that, but she’s got a surprise for me. “See that guy sitting at the bar over there?” she asks, pointing towards a tall, dark-haired man in his late 20’s drinking a beer. “You want to pick him up?” I ask. “No need to,” Vanessa says. “I already have. His name is Dan.” “You told him about both of us?” “Of course,” she says. “He knows the drill.” Laughing, I say, “Damn, girl. You don’t waste any time, do you?” She flashes me a sly little smile and grabs my hand and leads me over towards him. The closer I get the better he looks, with a narrow but muscular frame and a sharply-lined face. He’s dressed impeccably, in an expensive suit and he’s extremely well-groomed. “I have to admit, I’m impressed,” I say to Vanessa. “This isn’t like you, taking control of the situation.” “I just figured you’d be tired after your flight,” she says. “But don’t worry, once we get up to your room, I’ll let you take control.” “Are you sure?” I ask. “You’re free to run things if you want.” “No thanks,” she says. “I love our dynamic. With you in charge, things get freaky real quick. Oh, and speaking of freaky, Dan over there is into some freaky stuff himself.” “Is that right?” I ask. “Like what?’ “Well, he claims he’s an ass man,” Vanessa says, whispering now because we’re less than ten feet away from him. “Really?” I say, getting excited. I love getting fucked in the ass. “He’s into anal?” “All the way,” she says. “Getting as well as giving?” “So he says,” Vanessa replies. “Within reason, of course.” “Sounds like you hit a home run,” I say as we come up to Dan from behind. Vanessa taps him on the shoulder. He spins and sees us. His smile grows wider as he takes us both in. “Dan,” Vanessa says. “This is my friend. The one I was telling you about.” “Pleased to meet you,” Dan says, standing up. “Likewise,” I say, holding out my hand. Dan takes it and turns it over and kisses the top of it. “Oooh,” I say. “We have a gentlemen in our midst.” “Only outside of the bedroom,” he says, giving me a wink. “Inside of it I’m not quite as nice.” “Fair enough,” I say. So far, I like him. A lot. “Can I buy you two a couple drinks?” Dan says. “We don’t have time,” I reply. “We have to get up to the room quickly.” “Oh yeah?” he says, looking skeptical. “And why is that?” Leaning in towards Dan, I whisper in his ear. “Because I want to get that hard cock of yours inside our assholes as soon as possible.” Dan’s face blushes a bit but his grin widens. “Then what are we waiting for?” he says, taking me in one arm and Vanessa in the other. “Let’s get upstairs.” # Less than five minutes later all three of us are naked in my hotel room. I’m on my knees in the middle of the floor, sucking Dan’s dick while Vanessa is on the couch, playing with herself. “Do you want to fuck that tight little pussy over there?” I ask Dan, pulling his cock out of my mouth and slapping it against my tits as I talk to him. Dan nods his head. I slip the head of his cock into my mouth for a couple more sucks before popping it out again. His dick isn’t huge but it’s not small either, and it’s rock hard, which is what really matters. I turn my attention to Vanessa. “What do you think, Vanessa?” I say while jerking Dan off. “Is that pussy of yours wet enough to let him in?” “Hell yes,” Vanessa says. “It’s ready and waiting.” “Then get on your hands and knees,” I say to Vanessa. “Because Dan is on his way.” Still holding onto Dan’s cock, I use it to lead him over to Vanessa, who has climbed off the couch and is on her hands and knees on the floor, doggy-style, waiting for Dan. Her plump, gorgeous ass in the air and her blonde hair is spilled over her back, making me wish I was the one getting to fuck her right now. But Dan is the lucky one, so once we’re standing over Vanessa, I release his cock. I stand back and watch as Dan drops to his knees and slides his cock into Vanessa’s waiting pussy. And before long I’m playing with myself as he fucks her, giving it to her nice and slow at first before quickening things up. I’m getting so turned on by Dan pounding away at Vanessa’s pussy while their grunts and groans fill up the room that I decide to get more involved. Dropping to my knees, I position myself next to Vanessa, facing the opposite way, my head right next to her perfect little ass. Vanessa said earlier that Dan is into anal. Well, it’s time to find out if that’s true. Shifting my body sideways, I start to lick Vanessa’s asshole, then spit on it, getting it warmed up. While Dan continues pounding away at Vanessa’s pussy, I stick my index finger into my mouth, get it nice and wet, then I slip it into her asshole. Vanessa curses under her breath but in a good way, and she starts bucking back even harder against Dan. I slip another finger into Vanessa’s asshole and work both of them around, keeping things wet with healthy amounts of saliva. Once Vanessa’s asshole is ready for something larger, I grab ahold of Dan’s cock and slide it out of Vanessa’s pussy. “What do you think?” I ask Dan, stroking his cock while staring directly into his eyes. “Are you ready to stick that fat cock of yours into Vanessa’s asshole?” “Fuck yeah,” he says. “Are you sure?” I say, spitting on his cock. “It’s pretty fucking tight in there.” “I can handle it,” Dan says, smiling as I continue jerking him off. “What about you?” I say to Vanessa. “Are you ready for Dan’s hard fucking cock in your ass?” “I can’t wait,” Vanessa says. “Then let’s get this show on the road,” I say, taking Dan’s cock in my mouth. I give it a couple of quick pumps with my mouth open wide to get it nice and slippery, then I guide it towards Vanessa’s asshole, which is gaping from the work I did with my fingers. Gripping the base of Dan’s cock, I place the tip of it against Vanessa’s asshole. Dan takes a deep breath, then pushes his hips forward, forcing his cock into Vanessa’s ass. It slides in easily. Vanessa groans as Dan fucks her asshole. He starts things off slowly, giving her his cock in long strokes. I’m watching closely, my head poised directly above Vanessa’s ass while Dan fucks it. After half a minute or so, I decide I want a little piece of the action. So I pull Dan’s cock from Vanessa’s asshole and slip it into my mouth. As Dan lets out a low moan, I suck his cock clean of Vanessa’s ass juices while continuing to hold Vanessa’s ass open with one of my hands. Once Dan’s cock is clean and glistening with my saliva, I let it slip out from between my lips. “I love the taste of Vanessa’s ass,” I say, smiling up at him, my hand still gripping his cock. “What about you? Do you like fucking it?” “I love it,” he says. “Do you want to fuck her ass some more?” Dan nods. Laughing softly, I slide his cock back into Vanessa’s asshole, which is still gaping wide. “Give it to her hard,” I say. “Fuck her ass like you mean it.” Smiling, Dan obliges. He pushes down on Vanessa’s upper body, forcing her shoulders and head to the floor, which in turn lifts her ass higher up into the air, giving him more leverage and allowing him deeper access to her asshole. Then he starts working Vanessa more aggressively, pumping his cock in and out of her asshole while she bucks back against him, her groans turning into screams of pleasure as he pummels her asshole. As I watch intently, my head still on Vanessa’s ass, Dan pulls his cock out of her asshole and guides it towards my mouth. “Oh, you want some more do you?” I ask, taunting Dan just a bit. He nods his head. “Fine,” I say. “But only if you get a little creative. I want to taste Vanessa’s pussy as well as her ass.” “My pleasure,” Dan says as I take his cock into my mouth. He pumps my face a couple of times, then pulls it out of my mouth and slips it into Vanessa’s pussy. Dan gives Vanessa his cock balls-deep in her pussy one single time then pulls it out and sticks it back into my mouth. He then pumps my mouth a single time, giving it to me balls deep also before pulling it back out and returning it to Vanessa’s asshole. “That’s what I’m talking about,” I say, getting excited now. “Get nasty with us. Treat us like your little fucksluts.” One pump in Vanessa’s ass, and Dan’s cock is back to my mouth. Then her pussy again. Then my mouth, giving each a single thrust only before returning to the other. After a full minute of this, I get the sense that Dan is enjoying himself a bit too much. His face is screwed up in a mask of concentration and he’s holding his breath. “Do you need a little break?” I ask him. He nods. “Then relax for a bit,” I say. “The last thing we want is you cumming too soon.” Dan takes a deep breath, then steps back, turns around, and drops himself down on the couch. Vanessa and I climb to our feet and take seats on the couch next to him, me on one side of Dan and Vanessa on the other. While Dan recovers, Vanessa and I make out, leaning over him to do it, our lips touching a foot or two above his still rock-hard cock. This goes on for a minute or two before Dan looks like he’s ready to go again. “What do you think?” I ask Vanessa, breaking off our make-out session for a moment. “Do you think he’s ready to get involved again?” Vanessa looks at Dan, smiles, then looks back at me and nods. “He looks ready to me.” “Yeah, me too,” I say. “Do you want to go first, or should I?” “Why don’t you,” Vanessa says. “If you insist,” I say. And with that, I take Dan’s cock in my mouth and start sucking on the head of it while jerking off his shaft with my hand. After sucking on just the tip for a bit, I suddenly go all the way down on Dan’s cock, taking the entire thing in my mouth and holding it there for a couple of seconds before coming up for air. While I take a moment to catch my breath, Vanessa drops her head down and takes Dan’s cock in her mouth. She too takes him all the way down, deepthroating him for a few seconds before coming up for air herself. While she gasps for breath, I take over, wrapping my lips around Dan’s cock and going down on it. This goes on for a few minutes, Vanessa and I alternating between each other, one deepthroating Dan while the other one recovers, taking turns like good little sluts until Dan is ready to fuck again. Once, after holding Dan’s cock deep in my throat until the count of ten, he smacks my ass then puts his hands under my legs and lifts me up off the couch. “What’s the matter?” I ask, flashing him a dirty smile, messing with him just a bit. “You don’t like us deepthroating your cock?” “I fucking love it,” Dan says, returning my smile. “A little too much, I think.” “Ahh, I see. So you want to fuck again, is that it?” Dan’s smile widens and he nods. “Fine,” I say with mock annoyance. “But this time it’s my turn to feel that huge cock of yours inside me.” “By all means,” he says. “Be my guest.” “I most certainly will,” I say as I throw one leg onto the other side of him, straddling him. “But this time I’m going to ride you instead of the other way around.” “Fine by me,” he says. I climb up a bit, putting my feet on the couch and lifting up my knees so I’m squatting over his groin, my soaking wet pussy poised directly above his cock. Facing Dan, our eyes locked together, I grab ahold of his cock and slide it into my pussy. Then I begin to bounce up and down on his cock, moving slowly and deliberately, taking him balls deep with every thrust and holding him there, deep inside me for a couple of seconds before lifting myself back up to do it all over again. As I fuck Dan, Vanessa climbs off couch and makes her way down to the floor. Crawling on her hands and knees, she slides in between Dan’s legs and starts licking his balls. As I continue riding Dan’s cock, I use the mirror to my right to watch Vanessa as she grabs ahold of his sack and pinches it up at the top, right at the base of his shaft, creating a tight little pocket around his balls. Then she takes both of his balls in her mouth and sucks on them. “Holy fucking shit,” Dan groans, his tone a mixture of pleasure and pain. “You like that, do you?” I ask him. He nods emphatically. Laughing softly, enjoying Dan’s discomfort immensely, I start pounding him harder, impaling myself on his cock, my body slamming down onto to his. I return my eyes to the mirror to see Vanessa release Dan’s balls from her mouth with a pop. Then she grabs ahold of his cock, slips it out of my pussy and slides it into her mouth. “That’s right,” I say, looking back at Vanessa. “That’s a good girl. Suck that fucking cock. Clean my juices off of it. After Vanessa sucks my pussy juices off of Dan’s cock, she spits on my asshole and rubs it in with her fingers. “That’s what I’m talking about,” I say. “Get my asshole nice and lubed up and then stick that hard cock inside it.” Dan holds on to my knees, helping me balance as I reach back and grab ahold of my ass cheeks and spread my asshole wide. With her hand still gripping Dan’s cock, Vanessa sticks her tongue into my exposed asshole, getting it wet and loosened up. Once it’s ready to go, Vanessa yanks her tongue out of my asshole and replaces it with Dan’s cock. “Goddammit that feels so fucking good,” I say as his cock fills up my asshole, pressing against the walls of my anus as I sit down on his cock, forcing it deeper inside me. I move slowly but surely up and down on Dan’s cock, feeling every centimeter of it with every thrust. Barely making a sound except for my labored breathing, I stare directly at him. “Do you like fucking my asshole?” I say, our faces just inches apart. “I love it,” he says. “Do you want me to bounce harder on your cock?” “Yes please,” he says. “How hard do you want it?” I ask, still moving slowly against him for now. “As hard as you can give it to me,” he says. “Do you think you can take it?” I ask. “I don’t want you cumming too soon. Not before I have a chance to cum.” “I can take it,” he says. “We’ll see about that,” I say, grinning evilly. “We’ll just see.” And with that, I put my hands on his chest for balance and start bouncing a little more quickly, still under complete control but hammering down on him with more force than earlier. “How’s that?” I ask softly. It’s harder to talk now that I’m breathing so hard. His cock in my ass feels incredible, but I’m not trying to let him know that. I’m trying to maintain as much control as possible for now. But it’s difficult. “That’s great,” he groans, just as breathless as I am. “Can you take more?” I ask. Dan nods. “Are you sure?” I say. “Positive,” he breathes. I don’t believe him, but I’m so close to cumming now that it doesn’t really matter. As long as he can hold out for a few more seconds, I’ll get there. As Vanessa continues working Dan’s balls, I shift my legs so my shins are on the couch, my body straddling his, and lean forward, putting my tits in his face and allowing myself to grip the back of the couch for more leverage. Dan latches onto one of my nipples with his mouth just as I start to pound away at him with everything I have, letting gravity do the work as I try to pummel him deep into the couch. His cock feels wonderful as I hammer away at him, taking him all the way inside me with every thrust. I’m getting closer and closer to orgasm with every second, and then when his teeth bite down on my nipple, it takes me over the edge. “Holy fuck, holy fuck, holy fuck!” I scream before tensing up for a moment and then releasing in a flurry of movement as an orgasm racks my body. One of my hands flies down to my clit and rubs away while I cum, sending me into a prolonged tizzy, lasting a good ten seconds before I finally come down. “Goddammit that felt fucking good,” I say as I lift myself off of Dan’s cock. With my feet still on the couch, I turn around so my ass is facing him. “Now it’s time for Vanessa to have another turn.” While I’m changing positions, Vanessa sucks Dan’s cock, taking it all the way down her throat and holding it for a couple seconds before releasing it. “Are you ready to take his nice fat cock in your asshole again?” I say to Vanessa once she’s got her breath back. “Hell yeah,” she says, smiling. “Then come on up here,” I say. “And fuck him while he eats my asshole out.” “My pleasure,” Vanessa says, her smile still wide and excited. As Vanessa climbs up onto the couch to straddle Dan cowgirl style, I back my ass up until it’s right in his face. “Now eat my fucking asshole while Vanessa rides your cock with hers,” I say. Dan does as he’s told, going after my asshole with incredible energy as Vanessa slips his cock into her asshole and starts riding him like an insane cowgirl. I’m not sure how he’s been able to last this long, but I’m not too concerned. At this rate, it seems like he could go all night, and even if he can’t, he’s already given us more than we could have hoped for coming in. Anything beyond now is simply a bonus. But I’m not thinking too much about that now as I ride Dan’s face, moving my ass up and down on it so his tongue alternates between my pussy and asshole while Vanessa bounces up and down on his cock. “That’s right,” I say. “Get that tongue in there. Don’t be afraid. I taste good, I promise.” Vanessa is smiling widely, obviously enjoying herself. She’s just so damn cute that I can’t keep my hands off her, so I lean forward, grinding my ass further back into Dan’s face, forcing his tongue deeper inside my asshole and allowing me to make out with Vanessa over Dan’s chest. After trading spit for a bit, I drop my head down and go to work on Vanessa’s glorious tits, licking and sucking at her nipples. Wanting to make sure she’s enjoying herself as much as possible, I also drop my hand down and start rubbing her clit while keeping my lips attached to her nipple. Sensing that Vanessa is close to cumming and wanting to make sure she gets there before Dan does, I climb down off couch and come around so I’m between Dan’s legs. I pull Dan’s cock out of Vanessa’s asshole and suck on it. Vanessa leans forward and starts making out with Dan, her hands moving over his chest, playing with his nipples. I let Dan’s cock slide out of my mouth and slip it back into Vanessa, this time putting it in her pussy instead of her ass. She lets out a little moan and then starts bouncing up and down on it. After just a couple pumps, I pull Dan’s cock out of Vanessa’s pussy and lick her juices from it, then slide it back into her ass. A couple more pumps, and I again pull his cock out of her ass. I deepthroat Dan, then spit the excess saliva onto his cock and jerk him off before slipping his cock back into Vanessa’s pussy. Vanessa’s breath is rapid and labored but she’s screaming louder and more consistently than ever. And she reaches a whole different level after I stick two fingers into my mouth to get them wet, then slide them into her ass. I finger-bang Vanessa’s ass while Dan hammers away at her pussy, each of us rising in intensity together, instinctively working as a team to get Vanessa over the top. “That’s right,” I say, yelling to be heard over Vanessa’s screams and Dan’s labored grunts. “Fuck that cock with your pussy while I finger your ass. Fuck it like you mean it. Like you’re trying to destroy it.” I can tell Vanessa is close to cumming, but so is Dan, so I decide I need to get her over the edge, and quickly. So I slip a third finger into her ass and jam all of them as far as they will go, filling up her asshole. I can feel Dan’s cock rubbing up against my fingers as he fucks her pussy and I know Vanessa can too, as her screams reach a fevered pitch and a series of low curses escape from her throat and she shakes her head back and forth, her blonde hair flying everywhere. And then she’s there. Vanessa sits on Dan’s cock and holds her body in place, his cock deep in her pussy and my fingers planted deep in her asshole. Then she lets out a final shriek which tapers off into an avalanche of moans and groans and gasping breaths as the orgasm washes over her. Once Vanessa’s orgasm has passed, she climbs off of Dan’s cock and joins me between his legs. Smiling up at Dan, I say, “You’ve done an incredible job, Dan. Now it’s time for your reward. Are you ready for it?” Grinning back at us, Dan nods emphatically. “Then sit back and relax,” I say, “And let us do our thing until you’re ready to pop.” “Sounds good to me,” Dan says, his smile growing wider. And with that, Vanessa and I go to work on his cock, taking turns sucking on it and occasionally swapping spit with each other, both maintaining eye contact with Dan whenever we can. A short time later, Vanessa turns over so her back is to the floor and slides her head underneath Dan’s ass. Straddling Vanessa’s waist so our pussies are rubbing together, I wrap my lips around Dan’s cock as Vanessa takes his balls in her mouth. After taking his cock halfway down a couple times, I deepthroat him while Vanessa works on his balls. Saliva is dripping out of my mouth and traveling down and around Dan’s sack and into Vanessa’s mouth. A full ten seconds later, I pull my head up, gagging and gasping for breath. The tip of Dan’s cock is white from the lack of blood flow and his face is screwed up in a mask of concentration. It’s amazing how long he’s been able to hold out, but it’s time to finish him off once and for all. With this in mind, I grab ahold of his legs and pull his body forward so his ass is hanging off couch. “All right, Vanessa,” I say, looking down at her. “It’s time to get real freaky. Time to break out some pornstar shit.” “Sounds good to me,” she says, giving me a smile that says she knows exactly what I’m talking about. As I drop my head back down onto Dan’s cock, Vanessa slides further beneath him, getting herself in position. She spreads Dan’s ass cheeks with both hands and goes to work on his asshole, licking it with no shame whatsoever, her tongue working the outside of his anus. Dan lets out a moan and shakes his head from side to side. Mewling little sounds are coming from his mouth but somehow he’s still holding on. I pull Dan’s cock from my mouth and slap it against my face a couple of times, still staring directly at him. “Are you ready to cum?” I ask him. He nods emphatically. “Yeah? Are you ready to spray your load all over our pretty little faces?” Dan nods again, just as emphatically as before. “Then I’m going to bring you down the final stretch,” I say as I tap Vanessa on the leg. She climbs up from underneath Dan until we’re once again side-by-side, our faces mere inches from his rock-hard, swollen cock. We make out for a moment, then Vanessa leans over and takes Dan’s cock in her mouth and starts sucking on it. Meanwhile, I puts my hands underneath Dan’s thighs and push on them, lifting his hips up and making his asshole more accessible. While Vanessa goes to town on Dan’s cock, sucking it and working the shaft with her hand while gagging sounds escape from her throat and her head bounces around everywhere, I stick my rigid tongue in his asshole, pushing it as far as it will go. And once it won’t go any farther, I grab ahold of his asscheeks and spread them, opening him up even more and allowing me even deeper access to his insides. Vanessa’s sloppy, energetic blowjob combined with my tongue planted firmly in Dan’s ass finally puts him over the edge for good. He’s ready to explode. Vanessa pulls her mouth off Dan’s cock but continues jerking him off as I slip my tongue out of his asshole and rise up so my face is next to Vanessa’s while Dan climbs to his feet. As his body tenses up in that final moment before cumming, I grab ahold of his cock and stroke it, not too hard but not gently either, helping him achieve maximum pleasure from his orgasm. “Cum on baby,” I say. “Paint our faces with your cum. Give us all you got. We want it.” Dan moans and curses beneath his breath and allows his body to release. “There you go,” I say right before I take the first blast from his cock. The thick, white sperm splashes against my cheek. In between spurts, I turn Dan’s cock towards Vanessa, spraying her face with his second stream. Most of the third spurt ends up on my forehead, and the fourth on Vanessa’s chin. The fifth and sixth ones are shared between us, some of it getting in our mouths, some of it on our chins. Laughing, his body quivering, Dan stares down at our cum-covered faces as I take his cock in my mouth for a couple of final sucks before handing it off to Vanessa to give it the same treatment. “Well,” I ask him. “What do you think?” “I think I’m love with both of you,” Dan says, falling onto the couch. “Yeah, we get that a lot,” I say, smiling as I drop onto the couch next to him. “We make a pretty good team,” Vanessa adds, sitting down on the other side of him. “More than pretty good,” Dan says. “You two are incredible.” “Ahh, you’re too sweet,” I reply. “You weren’t too bad yourself,” Vanessa says. “Nope,” I say. “Not bad at all. And with a little more practice, you might even get to be pretty good. ” “Well, you know what they say,” Dan laughs. “Practice makes perfect.” “Indeed it does,” I say. “So what do you think? Are you ready to go again?” “Right now?” Dan asks. “Why not?” Vanessa says. “Unless, of course, you can’t handle another round with us.” He laughs and shakes his head. “Hell, I barely made it through round one.” “So that’s a no?” I say. “I didn’t say that,” Dan replies. “I just need a few minutes to recover.” “Take all the time you want,” I say, grabbing Vanessa’s hand and standing up. “We’ll be in the shower, getting cleaned up. Feel free to join us when you’re ready.” Vanessa and I head towards the bathroom. We start the shower and are just about to climb in when Dan arrives. “That didn’t take long,” I say, flashing him a wry smile. “What can I say? Just the though of you two in the shower together helped me recover real quickly.” “Yeah, I thought it might,” I say, pulling the door open. Vanessa enters the double-sided shower, followed by Dan, and I bring up the rear, closing the door behind me. And just like that, round two is under way. 