“She’s insatiable, mate. You wouldn’t believe it!” Clutching his Fosters, Mike lifted it to his parched lips and took a long swig. “Aah. Needed that.” He crumpled the can in his hand, then set it back on the bar. He turned to his long time mate and added, “Thirsty work, all that lovin’.” He grinned. Momentarily speechless, Cameron stared. “And you’re complaining? Come off it, Mike! A man’d have to be nuts to grouse about too much nookie! You’re living every guy’s fantasy.” “Not bellyaching. Just tellin’ you.” “So, what’s Jen working on now? Another Jackie Collins’ blockbuster?” Cameron sniggered. “So she says. There’s no other reason I’m thrown on the floor and set upon every time I step inside that door.” Mike recalled the last four weeks with a satisfied grin. Ever since Jen had progressed from penning short stories to writing her first novel, she had been plagued with difficulties over the sex scenes. At times writing anatomical impossibilities. And since having this pointed out to her – by Mike himself – she insisted on acting out all scenes. The first night he arrived in from work to find her leaning nonchalantly against the dining room table wearing only a lacy red suspender belt and black stockings, it had been all go. Mike had needed no further encouragement and when Jen presented her pert little rear to him while sauntering across to the sofa, he thought he would explode before he had a chance to touch her. And now, with a knowing wink at his old buddy, he gripped his crotch and drawled, “Gotta go, Cameron. Little lady’s awaitin’.” And he ambled off with his mate’s envious comments resounding in his ears. Jen was tapping the toe of her shiny black boot. She nibbled on her lip. Where was that man? Didn’t he like all this attention? Most men would die for what she was dishing out to Mike every night, and besides, she had just finished composing a really steamy scene, her fingers flying over the keyboard, even as the lower half of her body shifted and squirmed. Earlier, unable to bear the discomfort any longer, the scene coming to life as she visualized the hero’s long tanned fingers stroking the woman’s soft thighs, the wonderfully sinewy chest crushing the small but perfectly rounded breasts, the moist male lips seeking her heroine’s – Jen had thrown back her chair and sprinted down the hall. And failed to find Mike propped up in front of the TV as she had expected. She fumed for several minutes, and somehow managed to force herself back to the computer to complete her writing amid further wriggles and writhing, but if Mike didn’t appear soon, she’d burst with the need for relief. Satisfying herself wasn’t a problem of course. Despite regular great sex with her husband, she often locked herself in the bathroom with one of his girly magazines, and brought her body to a swift climax. Not that she ever contemplated being with a woman. What she managed with the magazines clasped in her hand was to visualise a thick shaft plunging into one of those welcoming wet pussies, and it excited her. Just thinking about all this shot tingles through her. She took a sip of Chardonnay. To hell with it, I will go and have a finger fuck! A car door slammed and Jen dashed to the window, slopping wine on to her hand. She sucked the sweet spill of liquid dribbling down her wrist. “About time,” she muttered, setting her glass down on the sill. Didn’t the man know she was on fire? Mike didn’t want to appear too eager. Never hurt to keep them guessing was his motto, but even so, the door flung back out of his grasp and bounced off the doorstop. Apparently he wasn’t the only one eager for a good old fuck. Acutely aware of the rapid swelling of his dick, tight jeans hugging his throbbing bulge, Mike’s excitement soared. Jen’s get-up was better than the last time, he noted. Very imaginative, as with a slow smile he swept his gaze over his curvy little wife. She was wearing black jackboots, those alone sufficient to stir a man to the heights of ecstasy. A silver thong that covered not a thing, and small red circles balanced on her nipples. And a bright red smile. “Je-sus!” If only she had started her erotic writings years ago during all those relatively lean years. Those times their lovemaking had become routine, and he’d been every bit as bored as Jen appeared to be, but now – now, she had a ferocious appetite. And he had that babe Jackie Collins to thank. “Where’s the whip?” Mike joked, dying to jump out of his jeans and get on with it. For a moment, Jen’s smile slipped. “I don’t resort to such crude props in my scenes, Mike,” she rebuked him. Oh, yeah? What do you call those boots? But he wasn’t about to argue. Far more important things on his mind. Before he had time to remove his shirt, Jen was bearing down on him. Her feathery touch slid along his arms and he shivered. Being a shorty, she got on tippytoes to place her luscious wet mouth on his. As her tongue slipped decisively between his lips, he nearly came in his pants. Crikey! None of that, mate. He wanted to bury himself inside his wife’s lovely snatch before he let loose. Having to wait was getting a helluva lot more difficult as her tongue slid in and out of his mouth. He inhaled a spicy mix of cinnamon and fresh nutmeg, her legacy from tonight’s dinner, he assumed, as Jen drew away. With a smirk she popped the remaining shirt buttons, placed a fingertip on the rapid pulse at his throat. Tossed him a smile like the temptress she was. Then she bent her head and licked away the film of sweat that was already coating his skin. He tensed; trembled again when she placed her hot little palms over the nipples hiding in his chest hair. When she pressed her thumbs against the pebble-hard disks, he jerked back, sucking in his breath, and prayed that she would hurry up and get to the main course. His wife stilled, adopted a look of fierce concentration, which was disconcertingly clinical. Mike growled and grabbed her hand, guiding it lower down his body. “Mike! You’re breaking my concentration. I’m trying to write a book here.” “I call it torturing your husband.” As he caught the smile that twitched and radiated from her eyes, he blustered, “Hey – nothing too weird, mind!” “Would I do that to you, sweetie?” Jen purred. “But it’s given me the most marvellous idea. All we need do is play it out. See if it works.” Sinking onto the carpet, Jen dragged her man along with her. Her tongue zinged with the taste of ale from Mike’s mouth. As Mike stretched out alongside her, she took hold of his zip, sliding it open, then tugged at his jeans. Slowly, seductively, down, purring like a contented kitten. “My, what a big boy you are,” Jen said huskily, as she released his erection from his briefs. She snatched a cheeky kiss on the tip of his cock, then jumped to her feet. “Be back in a minute.” “Hey! Where’re you going? Come back here, you little minx!” Mike sat up, his dick throbbing painfully. He watched her pert little bum swaying. He wanted to bend her over, take her from behind. “Jen!” “Patience, my love,” Jen called from the kitchen. Mike heard the fridge door open. She wasn’t getting something to eat, was she? Mike groaned, collapsed back onto the floor. What a time to skip out and open the bloody fridge! When he heard the clinking that heralded his wife’s return, he looked up. What the hell was in that bowl? As if he had spoken aloud, Jen grinned, tipping the bowl so he could take a look for himself. “Ice? Oh no you don’t. You’re not sticking that stuff on me.” “Oh, don’t be such a party-pooper. You’ll love it, I promise. Here, just try this one cube then, you little yellow-belly.” As the sparkling cube touched his cock, Mike bit down on his lip to keep from yelping. “Feel good?” Jen slid the ice up and down the length of his rod, round and round, the base, the head, even his balls. “Jes-us! It’s bloody cold!” Mike shuddered. “Well, it is a block of ice, you daft thing.” And as she rubbed and he felt the ice melting with his body heat, his cock began to feel damn great! Stiff, rockhard. Skin about to burst. Wow! This is something else! The heat suddenly encasing him was so intense after the chill that his backside reared up off the floor in shock. Only Jen’s hands pinning him down stopped his cock from ramming right down her throat. He lay back, basked in pleasure. Let her warm mouth soothe the tight skin. Hot tongue lapped at moisture left by the ice. Mike tried to choke out a question as to where she’d learnt this new trick but pleasure overtook any curiosity and really, he couldn’t have cared less. Just so long as she continued lapping at him like a little pug dog, bringing him to the brink of climax. When her mouth left him, he opened one eye. “Don’t … don’t stop now, babe.” Jen grinned mischievously. Seconds later, he discovered why. Two handfuls of ice encased his cock in a glacial sheath. The bite to his skin was so erotically intense that Mike tried to wriggle away, involuntarily spurring his orgasm on. Christ! He couldn’t hold back. He erupted like a modern day Krakatoa. “Right on!” cried Jen, punching a fist in the air. As Mike continued to gush as impressively as a Tivoli fountain, Jen sat back on her heels, staring in awe. It was almost impossible to believe a body contained so much of the stuff. The scent of sex rose with each spurt; a potent lure, and she could hardly wait. “My turn now,” Jen chirped, once Mike’s rod began to deflate. Mike’s breath slowed. “I’m all blown out, babe.” Jen pouted. With his breathing on an even keel, Mike defended himself. “I would if I could but I can’t. You know I’m all for equal orgasms. But, crikey, baby. What are you trying to do? Kill a man?” Refusing to take him seriously, Jen walked smartly away from him. Then with a swift glance over her shoulder, she threw a coy smile. Next, she bent over, placed her palms on the floor, giving her man a stellar view of plump lips shielding her slit. She wriggled her bum. If that doesn’t give you a thrill, I’ll eat my hat! Hearing the sharp intake of air, Jen knew she had him and, smirking, sauntered back over to join Mike. No way was she missing out tonight. Her little treasure box was on fire and she needed Mike’s hose to snuff it out. Long after he practised fire drill, of course. She’d let him know when she was ready to be doused. So often Jen wanted Mike passive, to act out scenes. This last one was an unmitigated success. And now she deserved some loving. Straddling his waist, she shifted her thong aside, allowed her pussy to touch his skin, and was rewarded with another sharp intake of breath. “I’ll have you ready to go in no time.” Wriggling around on top of him, she felt the once forlorn penis begin to rise. Slowly. But it was getting there. She shimmied higher, until she straddled his jaw. Knowing what was expected, Mike stuck out his tongue and began to lap along the wetness of her slit. She felt the sting of his teeth, the soothing softness of tongue that followed. With a loud groan Jen positioned herself so more pressure was on her clit. His tongue flicked, gently at first, then hard and fast. Bathed in a warm glow, nearly there at the pinnacle, one part of her wanted instant release, another part wanted it to drift on and on for ever. In the end her arousal was too explosive to contain; waves of ecstasy feathered, gathered as swiftly as storm clouds, and she embraced tingles that shivered through her, overpowering all reason. As she sat back on Mike’s belly, his hand rode frantically over her hip to the top of the leather boot. Slipped between her thighs. His fingers stroked the moist pleats of her sex as she purred with pleasure, then focused skilfully on the hard pleasure bud at her centre. “Oh! Oh yes! Harder! Please don’t … don’t stop.” “Crikey, babe. Where do you get these little get-ups you wear?” Mike panted, as he worked her clit. Somehow they were far more sexy than having her completely naked. As Mike peeled away the tiny red sticker with his free hand, the residue of gum pulled at her nipple, stretching it, inciting her further. “My hero would then lap the slight stickiness from my heroine’s rose-petal –” She gasped. “Mike! What are you doing? You’re veering from my script!” Ignoring her, Mike sucked one nipple into his mouth, while his thumb dislodged the red dot from the other. She groaned, her hands coming up to his hair, pulling, tugging, frantic in their quest, her arousal escalating by the second. He smelled of beer and salt, a slight smokiness, as his leg pressed between hers and she began to ride him. The pressure was exactly right to stimulate her tiny shaft as she ground herself against his knee. Then the bugger laughed. “Hey, Jen. Remember when you had your characters engage in their first romp? That description you wrote of the chick standing on one leg while she wrapped the other around the guy’s neck? Some feat!” He buckled with laughter, tumbling her sideways as she belted him across the head. She remembered. Hadn’t taken that earlier criticism too well either, and had flounced off to her study. That’s when he called out after her, suggesting they could play out her positions. Just to ensure they were possible and perhaps improve the scene. And when he sneaked up behind her, he’d lifted her by the waist, demanded she part her legs, and rammed his cock home. God! Was that a turn-on, or what? She’d come almost immediately. Both so highly aroused, they climaxed within seconds of one another. After that, they often rehearsed a scene. With the memory of that wonderful fuck spurring her on, Jen straddled him, rubbing her damp sex against his, effectively cutting off his amusement. Her breasts skimmed his chest as she lifted herself for one second, then plunged down on to his waiting shaft. When he filled her, she began to move, slowly, up and down. Long, delicious strokes of contentment, aware only of the sensations shimmying through her. She felt Mike flex inside her and as he lifted his hips to link completely with her again, she began to ride him once more, thumping down on him, feeling the spread of her swollen labia at the base of his cock. Suddenly, Mike’s fingers dug into her hips, and he hoisted her up, only to plunge her down, spreading her distended love lips with his rod, again and again, until the scent of sex misted in the air and their combined breath laboured. “Come with me,” Jen said, stopping suddenly. Mike groaned. He didn’t want to stop and tried to tell her, with powerful thrusts into that lovely opening that was so hot and wet, he never wanted to leave it. “I’ll play your clit,” he panted, the pad of his thumb homing in. “Then you won’t want to disappear.” When Jen clamoured off of him, he cursed loudly. “What now? You sure know how to pick your moments,” he grizzled. Her reply was to take his hand. “Get up,” she ordered, and Mike found himself doing so, then allowing her to drag him through the room and out the back door. “Hey, you’re not thinking of doing it out here.” Mike glanced up at the yellow glow of the neighbour’s front room. He covered his jewels with one hand. “Yes I am, scaredy-cat.” Catching Mike’s line of vision, she laughed. “Thought we’d give old Jack a thrill.” “More like give him a blasted heart attack. You willing to risk that?’ It appeared she was, because she flopped down on the lawn and with a small squeal as her bum met damp grass, she settled back, spread thighs beckoning him. One quick glance at the old guy’s curtainless window, and Mike thought what the hell. Maybe Jen was right. Maybe this would make Jack’s day. Or night, rather. When Mike lay atop her, she lifted her legs for deeper penetration. And sighed. Once impaled, she rested for a moment, the stem of his magic stick flush with her opening. His pubic bone pressed hers, stimulating her clitoris. With a few delicious squirms, Jen enjoyed the fullness of engorged cock inside her. She loved the stop- start of loving. Reaching the very height of ecstasy, then plummeting to earth again. It meant her orgasm was ten times as intense. Evening fragrances curled seductively in the air. Crickets sang lustily. Jen giggled. Maybe they were shagging, too! She loved the way Mike nuzzled the sensitive skin below her ear, taking tiny nips as she murmured happily. The night scented magnolia stirred in a soft breeze, whispered across her skin. What could be better than making love in the moonlight with the man of her dreams? A huge sigh of contentment and she was off again. Lifting her body, she synchronised thrusts with her adorable man. Jen’s satiny sheath gripped him. Mike grunted every time he pounded into her, just as she liked him to do. His breath stirred wisps of her hair. He was bursting with love for this delectable creature who excited him more than anyone he could imagine. Something caused him to glance up. A white face peered down on the shadowy figures rutting in a sliver of moonlight. Jen was right! This was bloody exhilarating! He pounded into her. Again and again, bent on giving a top performance, just as his little lady liked it. Suddenly, Mike rolled with his partner, until it was Jen’s perky bum on display for the guy next door. A pity old Jack wouldn’t be able to make out the puffy folds of her sex lips in this light. That was a sight to set the pulse skyrocketing. On that thought, Mike felt himself begin to blow. Jen’s sex clamped his. Cries of mutual passion rose in a crescendo around them as they both gave into spasms of pleasure rocking their bodies. * * * Several weeks later Mike staggered into the Old Cock and Young Bull. Old cock is right, he grimaced. Week after week of mind-blowing sex had left Mike all shagged out, as he hobbled towards the bar to catch up with his best buddy. Cameron greeted him salaciously. “Too much of a good thing, mate? It’s the woman who’s supposed to end up bow-legged.” “I want it and yet I don’t,” Mike confided to Cameron while waiting for his pint to be pulled. “You sound like a woman now. Can’t make up your mind.” Mike downed his beer, followed with a satisfied sigh. “Good news is, I’ve had a reprieve. I’m out of town next week on the Smithson job. Best of all, Jen’s finished the book. Look forward to some early nights, I can tell you. And I’m talking about snooze-land.” Cameron laughed. “Not many guys would moan about being jumped on every night. With my better half, I’ve resorted to begging. She may as well lock it away in a safety deposit box a hundred miles away. Just as damn difficult to get at.” Right now Mike envied Cameron. “Wrenched my back a week ago. In the middle of a great shag it was. Reckon the old bloke next door has a new lease of life. One good thing to come out of it, I suppose.” Mike went on to tell how several romps ended up out on the lawn. Right under Jack’s nose. “Thank God the book’s winging its way out of the house.” “Clever old Jen!” Cameron said, envious of the conjured vision of sex beneath the stars with a willing partner. One blessed with a voracious appetite, to boot. “Didn’t think Jen’d stick at writing. So, the book’s off at the publishers. She gonna wait to hear? Or is she starting another?” Cameron slurped the head off his third beer of the night. “Yeah. Dead keen now, but at least I’ll get a breather. Reckon she’s done enough research to last her through several manuscripts.” A sliver of uncertainty struck Mike. “Knowing Jen though …” “What’s it to be this time?” “She’s writing about a woman who seduces her husband’s best friend.” Cameron spluttered into his beer, firing foamy droplets across the polished teak bar. 