“You’re joking!” “Thank you, Tash. Glad you approve.” “But Marie – a geriatric guided tour when the world’s your lobster? Imagine the Bahamas … Cuba … Copacabana.” The last five syllables were a purr and I knew she was visualising hunks in trunks. I played my ace. “My grand-dad fell in love with Canada when he worked there years ago. Now he’s left me some money so I can see the country for myself.” The luxury road cruiser aka coach had delivered us to our Quebec hotel late the night before. The tour next morning blended power struggles and passion with today’s cool city buzz. The vibrant murals and breathtaking buildings were a delight but my feet needed scratching. I told Judy I fancied a walk around the artists’ quarter. She, and husband, Mike, had befriended me. “If we don’t see you before, we’ll save you a seat on the boat,” she said. The . river cruise was part of the package and there was time for a wander before finding some lunch. I lingered over paintings and photographs crammed on to stall after stall; torn between a watercolour of maples in fall and a charcoal sketch of an ancient archway. Until a yellow awning glimpsed in a narrow street drew me towards a restaurant in a quieter area where the menu displayed outside was pure food porn. Then he appeared. Beneath his pristine white apron he wore a black T-shirt and close-fitting dark trousers: the latter visible as I followed his delectable rear view through the restaurant where doors led to a sheltered patio. He seated me under a giant fern tree and while I sipped wine my eyes followed him as he weaved between tables. Now and then he darted a glance at me; a faint smile playing on his shapely lips. Once or twice he brushed past me; the brief contact tantalising my nerveendings. My love life at that point was a desert but my imagination was concocting sizzling desserts as I ate a salad tossed in heaven and served with warm ciabatta. When Mr Fabulous brought coffee, he paused. “Excuse me, M’selle. Are you on holiday? “Touring. We’re here for two more nights.” He placed a business card beside my cup. “Perhaps you will visit my restaurant again.” One smouldering glance and he whisked away to greet more diners. Fine. So all he was after was repeat business. Ah well, a girl can dream. I finished my coffee and approached the pay desk. Mr Fabulous was there before me. And his gaze told me I had to return. I caught up with Judy and Mike as they were climbing the gangplank of the River Princess. We found three deck chairs by the rail and Mike went in search of cold beers. I hoped Tash, back home in Brighton, wasn’t shedding tears for me. The scenery slid by in the sunshine as the guide, in seventeenth century dress, commentated in French and English. We sailed past a waterfall called the Bridal Veil and I was thinking how the guide’s ruffled shirt so resembled the cascade when his treacle tones together with the French lager began their seduction. Behind my shades, my eyelids were closing. And nothing could prevent me fantasising about the sexy restaurateur with the scrumptious menu. What if I’d lingered at the bistro and missed the river trip? What if all the other diners left, leaving the proprietor and me alone? What if he had brought wine and two glasses then put up the ‘Closed’ sign? At this thought, my nipples pushed against my silky top as if inviting his fingers to find them. Meanwhile, in dreamland, my own hand was wandering too. Those tight trousers of his were peeling off to reveal … “Ladies and Gentlemen, we will be docking in a few minutes. We trust you have enjoyed your cruise along the mighty St Lawrence.” The PA system crackled. Passengers collected belongings. Back on the coach, Judy tapped my shoulder. “Fab day but I’m cream-crackered. D’you fancy coming out for a meal with Mike and me tonight? Escape from the hotel? We’d enjoy your company.” “Great. Love to, thanks. Actually, I know a brilliant restaurant.” Seated inside Chez Guy that evening, I tried to play down my anticipation. “That slinky red dress is great with your dark hair,” Judy said. There was no sign of Guy but Mike was having difficulty averting his gaze from my cleavage. While he was studying the wine list, Judy nudged me. “Maybe I’ll be on a promise tonight?” The pair of us giggled as we tried to concentrate on the menu. I was lucky with my fellow travellers on this ‘geriatric coach trip’. But would my luck hold or was it Guy’s night off? Then he was standing beside me, notepad in hand. A whiff of leather and musk tugged at my nostrils. I had to dig my nails into my palm to prevent myself from touching his thigh beneath those tailored trousers. Mike was consulting Judy about the wine and my tummy lurched as Guy bent to whisper in French. I understood only the word belle. Oh, why had I not paid more attention at school? The meal progressed. I became more and more turned on. While the other two discussed next day’s whalewatching trip, I found that by nodding and saying a word here and there, I could continue the daydream featuring me, Guy and the strawberries. He was dipping each berry in wine before slipping it between my lips. He was wearing nothing but a leather thong. I wore panties; a silken wisp that he could easily tease down my thighs. I watched him select another strawberry and soak it in wine. He opened his mouth. He bent his head and I felt the fruit, cool and slightly rough, graze my clitoris. I sighed as Guy gently nibbled and sucked until the berry was gone … “Are you too hot, pet? Could you open the window, Mike? Marie’s looking quite flushed here.” Judy turned to me. “You must cover up tomorrow. I think you’ve caught the sun.” My fantasy would have to wait until I was alone in my room. Our main courses arrived. Wine flowed. I was having fun. Maybe my sex life was better played out in my mind rather than for real. But, oh, how I hoped that Guy might have his own views on that matter. Mike settled the bill with a waiter so I didn’t see Guy until we were on our way out. He kissed Judy’s hand when she complimented him on the food. Then, turning to me, he raised my hand to his lips and I found my fingers closing on whatever he’d pressed into my palm. While we were walking back to our hotel, Mike’s attention was drawn to a sex shop window. Much as I’d have enjoyed checking out the vibrators, I moved up the street to join Judy who was ogling an imaginative display of male underwear. When the lift reached my floor I could hardly unlock my room fast enough. As I read the note Guy had pushed into my hot little hand, I was practically creaming. Dinner tomorrow night? Please come to Chez Guy at . pm. The group meal was tomorrow evening: our last night in Quebec. I’d have to invent a plausible excuse not to attend. Because this was one unmissable invitation. I could feel that husky voice echoing around my body. I unzipped my dress, my reflection smiling at me from the mirror. I was bra-less so I hooked my fingers in my briefs, wriggled out of them and reached for some scented gel. I let it spurt on to the palm that Guy had kissed. Moistening my nipples released such a craving that I lay on the bed, legs apart. My mind was racing as my fingers coaxed and spun me towards orgasm. I balled my fist against my slit and shuddered with pure delight. Pussy time alone was fun. The prospect of a liaison with Gorgeous Guy was breath-taking. Next morning at the breakfast buffet, Judy smiled knowingly when I explained I’d dropped out of the group meal. “I hope this means you’ve got a date.” “Um …well …sort of …” “Good girl,” she said. “A looker like you was bound to pull in this fabulous city. Now I know it’s safe to walk alone here at night, but why not programme my number into your mobile? Then you can ring us if you need to. But only if you need to.” She winked and spooned more mango into my dish. “Must keep your strength up.” All day, even while exclaiming over the porpoises and minke whales, my thoughts were fast forwarding. And back at the hotel, as I showered and dressed for the evening, my excitement grew as I sprayed perfume on pulse spots. My senses seemed heightened by every whisper of flimsy fabric as I arranged my breasts in a white push-up bra and stepped into skimpy white knickers. I chose an emerald green, high-neck sleeveless top over white trousers. My shag-me scent – Tash’s description, not mine – lingered around me as I pushed my bare feet into strappy sandals. I arrived in the foyer just as the coach was pulling away, transporting the group to a speciality restaurant. I wondered what special item Guy would offer, now that I’d opted for his alternative menu. People were strolling or relaxing in cafés as I passed through the archway into the old city with its continental atmosphere. By contrast, Chez Guy looked forlorn, its pavement tables and chairs removed. I wondered if the bistro always closed on a Sunday night. Surely Guy would not have missed a night’s trading on my account? My heart beat faster as I tried the ornate latch without success. But there was a soft glow from the shadowy interior as I peeped through a window. The heavy door swung open to reveal Guy. He took my hand and drew me inside. “I am so glad you came,” he said. As the door closed behind me I decided that it was obscene for a man to have such sensuous lips and sooty eyelashes, but who was I to complain? A table for two was laid near the fireplace. An urn filled with white flowers gleamed against the dark stone. Guy must have been pretty certain I’d turn up. But any red-blooded male would have known it was not just the sumptuous food making me drool the previous evening. I wondered who was responsible for the many chic touches in the restaurant. Maybe Guy’s talents extended in all sorts of directions? A suit of armour stood to one side of the fireplace and candles in wall sconces cast splashes of light. I was in an ancient building, history oozing from its pores and … Guy was holding out a glass containing a pale gold liquid. “Un aperitif?” Even my schoolgirl French could cope with that. But the sparkle in his eyes spoke of more things than food to follow. A shiver trawled down my spine as I sipped the delicious drink, unsure of the flavour. “Melon cordial with sparkling wine,” he said. “But now it is my turn to ask you a question, Marie?” I couldn’t remember telling him my name. He must have heard Judy and Mike using it. “Go on.” He drank from his glass, still holding my gaze. “I wondered what your expectations were, when you decided to come here tonight – apart from supper, of course.” Was this some sort of test? I obviously wasn’t here merely to hold hands with him … not with the luxury road-cruiser scheduled to leave Quebec next morning at a.m.. And wasn’t I a woman of the world? “We both know this can only be a one-night stand, Guy. It will be what we make of it.” He reached out his free hand and rubbed his thumb gently over the bare flesh above my waistband. I shivered – caught cradling my glass and with an electric thrill streaking straight to my core. He laughed softly and put down his glass. “Enjoy your drink, chérie.” He cupped my face between his hands and brought his mouth within kissing distance so that I felt the warmth of his breath. I swayed a little in my frivolous sandals and he encircled my waist with his hands, steadying me. As if that were possible … “It is almost time to begin,” he whispered. But he had promised me dinner and while I drained my glass, he disappeared briefly, returning with plates of shrimp risotto: so fragrant and delicious that it slipped down easily. Guy was topping up our glasses from a wine bottle nestling in a silver ice-bucket. The maestro was in command. From a small cooler box he produced a dish of strawberries and a jug of cream. I could feel my cheeks warming. Guy hesitated. “Do you like strawberries?” “They’re my favourite fruit.” So my fantasy became reality. He held out his hands and I rose and moved towards him. My green top and trousers melted away. We were kneeling on the faux-fur rug in front of the fireplace. Guy fed me a berry or two then placed a cushion behind me; indicating that I should lie down. Then he was kneeling beside me, and hands – his and mine, were unfastening his belt, unzipping his trousers. When he stood up to peel them off, my insides were melting. No thong, but all that mattered was that sensational cock, thrusting from his briefs. All shyness vanished as the hussy that lives inside me unhooked my bra. Then we were kneeling, facing one another: Guy naked and me wearing just my white knickers. Guy dipped his index finger into the cream and smoothed a dollop on each of my nipples. As he bent his dark head, I felt a million tingles work their way from my breasts down through my stomach – and lower. As he lapped at the cream, his hands were kneading my bottom, pushing down my pants until I wriggled out of them and lay back, my head against the cushion. He began smoothing cream between my thighs. His fingers, then his lips … then his tongue were working some kind of magic. The soft fur against my bare skin felt decadent … wicked. I looked up at the suit of armour; its visor bland in the candlelight. Could there be someone in there, watching me? The thought excited me and I began to play with my nipples and grind my hips under Guy’s probing tongue. He received a double ration of cream. After the splinters and strobe lights subsided, I saw that Guy was ready for me. I straddled him and sensed his excitement as I fitted myself onto his cock. Empowered, I moved my hips slowly at first then decisively; squeezing him inside me at the end of each stroke. He groaned as I reared up so his tip was almost free, before plunging so he vanished inside me again. He called my name aloud. I thought he was leaving me behind but he reached for the cream and I felt his fingers nudging my tight bud, rhythmically rubbing, helping me climb with him. And all this while he sucked my nipples. Nothing else mattered but this moment. Whether there was anyone inside the armour or not, there was no stopping. When I rolled off Guy, he cradled me in his arms and kissed the top of my head. The candlelight flickered. What a way to eat dessert. Then his cock seemed to take on a life of its own as it quivered against his thigh. I licked my lips as I reached lazy fingers to caress him. Then someone spoke. “She is beautiful, like you say to me, Guy. Good evening, Marie.” I sat up, panic making me cover my breasts with my hands. A tall, slender blonde, wearing a crimson satin robe, was walking towards us. I looked at Guy, propped on one elbow beside me. He was smiling lazily at the woman as he beckoned her. “Just what is going on here?” “Hush, ma petite. Don’t fret. This is my wife, Marie.” My fantasy hadn’t been designed to accommodate a third person. To be confronted by such a gorgeous female and for the two of us to have the same name was bizarre. I should have grabbed my clothes and got the hell out of there but I was too aflame with desire and curiosity. Marie removed her robe and knelt before us, her lush breasts gleaming in the candle-glow. Guy handed her a vibrator and she began stroking it against herself; Guy watching as he caressed my nipples. He was fondling himself with his other hand. As Marie watched, her breath quickened and I saw that her nipples were erect. Her strokes became more urgent. I reached across and scooped up some cream to splash on top of Guy’s rapidly stiffening cock. He began sliding his fingers up and down its length more rapidly, keeping his gaze on Marie’s face, while fondling me with his other hand. Aching, I pushed my fingers inside my own stickiness. Marie was looking straight into my eyes as she screamed, “I’m coming.” The atmosphere was laced with perfume, candle wax and sex. Guy put a second vibrator in my hand. Marie smiled, leaned over and took it. I lay back in Guy’s arms while she played me until the rhythm set me writhing. As I began to arch my back, aching for relief, Guy moved on top of me. I groaned as I felt him push inside. Marie was whimpering and writhing as she watched him driving in and out of me. I was so aroused by it all that I came quickly and he was still rock hard when he pulled away and entered Marie from behind. As he eased his length in and out of her, I picked up her vibrator and knelt in front of them, rubbing the tip against her, hoping I’d found the right spot. I guess I must have. Watching those two panting and climaxing in unison made me cry out with them. Guy gently pushed me on to my side and, as Marie began tonguing my nipples, I couldn’t believe I could take any more. But her tongue was warm and wet and velvety and soon I was massaging her while she caressed me. I heard the smack of palm on bum just before I too felt the sharp, sweet sting. We tipped over the edge – our eyes fixed on one another as we shuddered in each other’s arms. “My Maries,” I think Guy murmured then. Soon Marie draped her robe around my shoulders, kissed me on the cheek and showed me upstairs to their private domain. I dressed and came downstairs. Guy took my hands in his and kissed me on each cheek, then on my lips. “Thank you,” he said. “My wife enjoyed meeting you.” It was just as if we had all taken tea together. “I was worried,” I said. “I really thought we’d been caught in the act.” Guy smiled that lazy smile and opened the huge door. Outside a cab was waiting; engine running. “No, ma petite,” he said. “She was watching us enjoying each other through a special mirror.” I glanced back at the suit of armour. “When she came to join us, I knew that she could wait no longer. You sharing the same name made it even more exciting for her. And for me of course. It is rarely that I close the restaurant in the evening.” He pressed something into my hand as I got into the cab. Back home, having slept off my jet-lag, I met Tash for a drink. “So, how were the pensioners?” “Surprisingly active,” I said as we settled ourselves at a table. “You wish,” she chuckled. I took a photograph from my bag and placed it face down beside her glass. “Holiday snaps? Where are the rest?” She turned the photo over. “Marie,” she gasped. “Look at the size of … wow, look at you, shagging this gorgeous guy. Who on earth took this?” “His wife, actually. But I must tell you about Niagara Falls, Tash. You really should go there some time.”