In one scenario, I walk into his office to find him sitting, tired. The late nights are obviously catching up to him, his head laid on the hard mahogany desk top, his breath deep and heavy in sleep. I watch him for a moment, taking note of the tiny little hairs that run along the back of his long neck, the way his black hair remains perfectly in place even though his head has fallen down into rest, and the sound of his breath. I focus on his hands lying on the desk next to his head – his wrists also adorned with tiny black hairs that lead to his hands which, though not very large, appear strong and masculine. I can feel the familiar longing building in me as I stare at what I consider to be one of the most delicious beings on Earth. Since the first moment I laid eyes in him, as he stood in the back of the crowd of suits on one of my first days on the job I have felt it – an intense want that can barely be described. I was introduced to the suits, one by one, anxiously awaiting my chance to meet the mysterious man with the deepest eyes I’d ever seen who stood at the back of the group looking right into me, but the introduction never came. As they walked away I turned back to give him one last smile – he was still looking. I moved down the corridor barely able to control my knees from trembling. Only weeks later did I find out that he was one of my bosses – Edward. I begin to turn away from him and back towards the door, the nurturing side of me not wanting to disturb him from his much-needed rest, but I stop myself – I need one last look. I move in closer, inching my way towards him until I am standing right next to him. My heart races and I reach my hand out to him. My fingers tremble as I place my hand gently on his back, my insides fluttering wildly at the mere feel of the white cotton of his shirt. I can’t help myself – I begin to run my finger tips along his back, savouring the feel of him. He sighs and it startles me – but not enough to move my hand away – I can’t. I continue to touch him and the longing only increases with each slide of my hand. With his head now slightly turned to the side, still pressed against the desk, I lean in bringing my face close to the back of his neck. I can see that my breath against his skin is causing the tiny little hairs to stand on their ends – is he aware of my presence? Though scared at how he may react, I can’t stop myself – I am strangely intoxicated by the smell of his skin, and excited at the subtle way that his body is reacting to my touch, causing me to lean in even closer until my lips are resting softly on his skin. Placing tiny kisses on the back of his neck, the little hairs feel good as they prickle my lips. With each light kiss, he stirs, and I notice his breathing begin to change. In my excitement, I am unaware that my own breath is also changing – becoming faster and louder. My lips inch towards his ear, my chest and hands are now pressed against his back, and I immediately see goose bumps form on his beautiful face. His eyes open, but show no sign of protest or even surprise – did he know it was me all along? He raises his head off the desk and our eyes lock in a gaze, our faces so close that I can for the first time since we met almost a year ago really see into his deep-set eyes. I wait, almost in fear that he is going to ask me to stop and remind me how unprofessional I am being, but he says nothing and I take it as a silent go-ahead. Our faces move together almost as if in slow motion until my lips are finally resting on his. It isn’t long before I am completely lost in his kiss, our lips and tongues moving together perfectly, and our breaths drowning out the buzzing of the office lights. As if doing a dance, we move about, holding each other tight until we are standing behind his desk. He presses hard against me, his lips never moving from mine, and I lean back until I am practically sitting on the desk. My body is aching – I feel as if I need to get even closer to him. I am consumed by him and by my feelings for him – feelings that I have longed to act on for what seemed like an eternity. He stops me for a second and just looks at me with the same familiar glare that has both intimidated and attracted me all of this time, and in typical Edward tone, his voice deep, he asks, ‘What are we doing?’ And in typical me-style, I smile, ‘Who cares,’ quickly putting an end to the possibility of any doubt by pressing my lips back to his, with my tongue following. His hands move almost shyly down my shoulders, slowly inching their way toward my breasts. I laugh to myself, recognizing his ‘But I am your boss’ type caution, and decide to help him along by bringing his fingers to the buttons of my blouse. He hesitates, causing me to open my eyes and pull my lips away ever so slightly, and flashes me a naughty grin – his dark brows raise and lower in amusement before he proceeds. Within seconds, his fingers are working away at my buttons, and finally exposing my white lace bra. I hear him moan ever so quietly as he takes a moment to glance down at my tanned heaving chest with my nipples peeking through the delicate fabric. I feel myself drip with excitement at watching him enjoy my ample offerings. He lowers his head and brings his mouth to my breasts as his hand gently pulls the lace to the side. He doesn’t break our gaze as he begins to slowly lick tiny little circles around my pert nipple. My whole body quivers in a delight that can only be imagined. I don’t know what is more arousing – his tongue finally on my skin where it belongs, or his stare, so intense and unable to break even for a moment from mine. If only he realized how much I crave him and all of the things that I would allow him to do to me. I resume my fantasy; he is still lapping away at my nipples, staring deep into my eyes. I can’t help but moan softly. I take his face in my hands and pull his lips back to mine, whispering into them, ‘I want you inside me.’ I proceed to move my hands down to his belt, tearing away at the leather, the buckle, and finally the zipper. The anticipation as I reach in to claim what I have so longed for is almost unbearable. I grip the shaft of his cock and pull it out into the cool office air. It is long and hard and lean, as is the rest of him – perfect. Leaning back onto the desk, my hand continues to hold on to him – not wanting to let him go even for a second. I can feel him growing amidst my fingers, and it makes me feel almost victorious. My legs wrap tightly around him, and it causes my skirt to slide up the rest of the way. His lips continue to devour mine, and I can’t help but take his face between my hands again and push his lips harder against mine – his kisses are Heaven. As he slips about between my wet thighs, I can feel him teasing me – his flesh gyrating against my moistness, but not entering me. I have wanted this man for what feels like for ever, and would accept any sweet torture that he should want to inflict! More unbearable with each brush of his sex against mine, I practically paw at him, needing to bring him even closer to me. Our tongues dance together as I work away at his shirt buttons, quickly exposing his hairy chest – anxious to feel more of his skin on mine. ‘Do you know how long I have wanted this?’ I say, breathlessly, into his ear. He just smiles and I melt. It is then, while I am lost in his beautiful smile, that he pushes his long cock into me. With one deep thrust, I am overcome with feelings both emotional and physical that I had never even dreamed possible. Our bodies feel to be a perfect fit as he slowly moves in and out of my wetness. Our faces close together and our chests are only separated by warm dew – I can feel every inch of him. The quiet office fills with the smell of our hot, damp skin and my soft vanilla perfume. Breaking the silence is only the sound of him slipping in and out of me, and our faint moans. My insides grip his manhood tighter and my body trembles. I can literally feel my juices seeping out of me! Pleasure shoots out of every bit of me and he leans forward, kissing me passionately as I climax. Each shudder of my insides pushes him closer to his crisis, until finally taking him over the edge. I can feel my being quiver as he pulsates inside me, filling me with his warm milk. He cries out in ecstasy and it is like music to my ears. For so long I have wanted this – to be able to shake his hard, intimidating exterior, breaking it down with my desire for him. ‘Edward. Oh, Edward…’ I say his name out loud as I break from my trance-like state and back to reality. I am lying in my bed – alone. It is my bedroom that is filled with the smell of my vanilla perfume and my own sex, and my fingers are still moist from touching myself. I close my eyes and say his name out loud again to make the fantasy seem just a bit more real. I say his name out loud to make him feel closer to me. I say his name out loud because for now, it’s all I can do.