I was persona non grata at the Torelli household. Not that I particularly blamed them. Cancelling a wedding three weeks before The Event of the local social season was bad form even in my book. Tony, Marcella’s older brother and my former best friend, had offered to rearrange my facial structure far beyond the rather sizeable swelling he’d initially planted on my chin. I didn’t want to think about what her younger brother, Greg, was going to do when he showed up for his week of requested-six-months-in-advance leave from the Marines. “How the fuck could you not know you can’t live without dick until this close to the wedding?” Tony snarled when he was rubbing his sore knuckles. He’d knocked me flat on my ass. “I thought I didn’t need it,” I growled back, rubbing my hand over my very tender jaw. “I really thought Marcella was going to be enough for me.” My head was swimming, and I had the good sense to stay down. He’s bigger and meaner than I am. But I refused to look away from him. “I love her, Tony. No matter what it looks like, I love her. This whole fucking mess is tearing me to pieces.” Tony just gave me one of those looks. After all, it was a rhetorical question for him anyway. It was one of his tricks who had gotten me going. I let him vent while I tried to clear my head. Tony and I had fucked around as far back as I could remember. Other than a few mutual JO sessions, we’d never gotten it on together. But he knew how much I liked sex with men. I liked sucking cock and getting my cock sucked, and when I got a wild hair up my ass, the hunger stayed with me until I got fucked until my eyes crossed. I couldn’t count the times I’d watched his thick Italian meat ploughing some bottom-boy’s hole while I massaged my tonsils on a well-hung stud’s swollen shaft. For me, sex with guys was just good old fun, horny sex. When I fell in love, it was always with women. I loved their softness and their high voices and how half the time, I couldn’t understand what the fuck they were talking about but I didn’t care, so long as they kissed me. I loved sucking warm, heavy breasts with big nipples and burying my face in hot, fragrant pussy. I could eat cunt until my tongue was numb and my hair hurt from being pulled and my ears rang with screams. But most of all, I loved sinking balls, deep in Marcella’s quivering cunt and fucking until I came so hard it felt like my heart had exploded. I could spend hours on the couch with her, kissing and sucking and fucking while we pretended to watch TV. Shit, I even liked the way she gave head. She took me deep and wet and she used her hand when her throat bottomed out, and she sucked hard when she pulled off. Even when we weren’t in bed, we had so much fun just doing shit together. Man, I just plain loved her. I wanted to marry her and have kids with her and make a life with her. I hadn’t known it was possible to care for someone that much. Which was why I’d called off the wedding. Until last weekend, I’d thought I’d loved her so much that my passion for her eclipsed even my need for dick. I thought that right up to the moment Tony’s latest blond, blue-eyed, twinkie boy with the well-toned swimmer’s build and the bulging dick strolled into Tony’s apartment. Golden boy winked at me and wrapped his arms around Tony. They started swallowing each other’s tongues and grinding their crotches together. When they tipped towards the couch, I had to leave. All I could see was golden boy’s cock snaking down my throat. I went home and beat off, trying to concentrate on my upcoming date with Marcella. But when I tugged my balls and squeezed my dick and my come spurted through my fingers, it was his climax I was seeing, not mine. I wanted golden boy so badly I could hardly breathe. Even after I came, my dick wouldn’t settle down. Marcella had made it plain that while she didn’t care that I thought I was bisexual, an open relationship with her was not an option. She said she was not going to share her husband with what she called The Competition. I remembered that all evening long, when we were laughing at the movie and later on when I was fucking her deep and hard and it felt so good, so fucking good, and I was getting off on her so fucking much. Even then, in the back of my mind, I kept seeing golden boy’s heavy dick swinging in front of my face. And when I finally came, when Marcella’s wet, clutching pussy spasmed around me so hard it felt like her cunt was sucking the come right up out of my balls, in my mind, I still imagined golden boy’s velvety soft cock flesh sliding over my lips and down my throat. I spurted into the rubber buried deep in her shuddering pussy and I let the tears flow down my cheeks as I came and came and came until it felt like my soul was shattering into her. The next morning, over a breakfast of peanut butter toast and coffee, I told her I was too queer to get married and I broke off the engagement. I hadn’t mentioned it to Tony, but Marcella packed a backhand that had my cheekbone throbbing damn near as much as my chin. And her voice was a helluva lot more shrill. When she finally calmed down enough to ask just why the fuck I’d waited until now to tell her, I reminded her that I’d told her I thought I was bisexual and that I’d sometimes “experimented” with guys. I told her that I could only hope she believed me when I said what I felt for her was so overwhelming that I’d truly thought it was enough to overcome my need to be with men. OK, so fuck it, I was crying when I finally told her that nothing about my feelings for her had changed and that breaking up with her was ripping my heart out. But I said I understood, really understood, how important monogamy was to her. I loved her, and myself, too much to end up cruising the parks after work ten years from now while she was at home alone with the kids, suspicious and hating me. This time, though, when Marcella had calmed down enough to talk rather than scream, she put her hands on her hips and told me to explain to her just what the hell I’d meant when I’d told her I’d “experimented” with guys. “Specific details, Brendan. I mean, paint me a fucking picture.” So this time, I told her, in explicit, graphic detail. “My fucking brother!” she yelled. “We didn’t fuck!” I snapped. “We just, well, we fucked around, OK? I’ve never sucked his dick or had his cock up my ass, or anything like that. We just beat off together. And we had sex with other people in the same room.” I dragged my hand through my hair. Marcella got quiet then. She leaned back against the refrigerator and sighed. “But you had sex with other men, right, Brendan? You didn’t just ‘experiment’. You did it a lot. You sucked their cocks and you let them suck yours, and you fucked them . . .” Her voice trailed off as she rubbed her hands over her eyes. “I didn’t fuck them,” I said quietly. Not that semantics really mattered, but if we were clearing the air, I didn’t want any more innuendo. When she looked at me, I shrugged. “They fucked me, in the ass. And I liked it so much I came.” I felt like I was watching a 25-year-old woman age in front of my eyes. She took a deep breath and let it out very slowly. “Did you at least use a rubber, or do I have to worry about that, too?” My eyes flashed hot. “I said I was queer, not stupid.” Before I could say more, she nodded and held up her hands. “I’m sorry, Brendan. That was mean, and I shouldn’t have said it. I’m feeling really hurt right now and I just realized that you’d always used a rubber with me, and I wondered if that was why.” “Actually, it’s not.” I lifted my shoulders and let them fall. “I’m just a responsible kind of guy, you know? And we didn’t want kids yet.” I closed my eyes, trying hard not to think about the kids I now wasn’t going to be having with Marcella. I didn’t want to start crying again. So, I looked at her and answered the question she hadn’t asked, but that I figured she had a right to hear the answer to. “I’ve always used latex, every time, with everyone, even for sucking. My tests have always been clear.” I tried to smile, but I couldn’t quite make it. “For what it’s worth, I haven’t been with anyone else, male or female, for almost two years – since we started going out.” I took a deep breath and decided to come clean on everything. “Though, for the record, Tony and I did beat off together in your grandfather’s garage a year ago New Year’s Eve, when we got drunk with the rest of your family and we were the last ones up after everybody else had gone to bed.” As fire flashed in her eyes, I shrugged. “That’s pretty much it.” “I’m going to kill that son of a bitch,” she snapped. Things went downhill from there. The whole scene was pretty emotional for both of us. She hugged me when she left. But I wasn’t all that surprised when Tony stomped in the door two hours later and planted his fist in my face before he even said hello. I’d agreed to let Marcella handle telling everyone about the cancellation in her own way. So I lied to the people at work and told them I’d been in an accident, which wasn’t that far from the truth. Three days later, I still hadn’t heard anything. I missed Marcella so much it hurt to breathe, and I was horny for her and pissed at myself that even with all the shit going on, I was still thinking about golden boy’s dick. I even missed Tony, despite how much my chin still hurt. It was Friday night, and I didn’t want to run into any mutual friends at our usual haunts. So, I settled down for a rousing evening of feeling sorry for myself with a selection of action adventure flicks and some microwaved popcorn and a six-pack of beer. I’d just popped the first top and poured some real butter on the popcorn when Tony walked in the door. “You got a gun this time?” I sighed, only half joking. He shrugged and shook his head. Everything else I was going to say died in my throat when he stepped all the way into the room. Golden boy was right behind him, wearing a tight white T-shirt and pair of clean but well-worn jeans that outlined his dick so clearly that I could tell for sure he wasn’t wearing underwear and that he definitely was circumcized. When he saw where I was looking, he ran his fingertips over the outline of his shaft, thrusting his hips none too subtly as the bulge started to grow. “I hear you want this, bud.” I put the popcorn bowl down so I wouldn’t drop it. I didn’t know what the hell Tony was up to, but I was getting pissed, and my dick was already straining against my jeans. To buy time, I carefully licked the butter off my fingers. “I suppose it’s too much to hope that there’s a logical reason for this visit, oh former brother-in-law-to-be.” Tony’s smile was dazzling, as always, but for the first time I noticed he had a bruise on his cheek that looked remarkably like the one I was sporting. I smiled. Marcella didn’t take a whole lot lying down. Tony noticed where I was looking. He rubbed his cheekbone and shook his head. “I do not try to figure out women, bro. It gives me a headache.” He fingered the slightly discoloured area. “When Marcella finished screaming and crying, she got real pissed off. Bottom line is that she’s not giving you up without a fight.” I stared at him, and Tony smiled nastily. “Marcella says she wants to know what she’s up against, what a man can give you that she can’t, and if she can live with it. Since we are ‘such fucking good friends’, I have been instructed to set things up with you so she can see what, as she put it, you feel you have to do with ‘the competition’. Adam here is agreeable, so long as he doesn’t have to touch women. Your cock-sucking reputation precedes you.” As I stood there with my jaw hanging open, Tony waved at the smiling-faced golden boy, who was still fingering his now thoroughly engorged cock. “I’m to tell you to strip naked and wrap your throat around this guy’s dick. Anything after that is up to my baby sister.” He picked up my beer and drank the rest of it in one pull. “Whatever she has planned, I don’t want to know about it.” He set the bottle back on the table with a loud thump. “I’m outta here. You guys figure things out, and I’d suggest coming to an agreement before Greg rolls into town. He’s likely to do us all in if he’s used up some of his precious leave time for nothing.” He leaned over and gave Adam a long wet, crotch-grinding kiss. “Damn, but you can kiss, boy.” Tony stepped back and gave me one last, nasty smile. “Good luck, pal. You’re going to need it.” Then he was gone. I was suddenly alone with the Adonis I’d been lusting over so badly my balls ached. I wiped my sweaty palms on my thighs and sighed heavily, preparing to give myself the coup de grace I’d no doubt regret for a very long time. “I am not going to have sex with you under these circumstances, Adam, though I do appreciate the offer.” I didn’t know who I was more pissed at – Tony or Marcella, or myself. I wanted Adam so badly I could almost taste him. I’m not sure what reaction I’d expected, but his grin caught me off guard. He was even more gorgeous when he smiled. “I’ll stop if you say to, dude.” As I stared at him in disbelief, he moved to my side and unbuttoned my shirt. “This sounds like it’s going to be one really kinky scene.” He pulled my shirt off and tossed it on the floor. I couldn’t help shivering as he ran his hands up my arms. “A couple of the guys at Troubadour’s said you give fantastic head.” His fingers were fast. Pretty soon my pants and socks were on the floor and I was naked. “I want to fuck your face.” Then his hands were in my hair and his tongue was in my mouth, and I was having trouble breathing any more. I was so pissed. I was certain we’d all lost our minds. But more than anything in the world, at that particular moment, I wanted to suck the cock of the man holding my face in his hands. Precome leaked from my dickhead and my face flamed. “This is nuts.” I was trembling, and I didn’t want to be. “But you want it, don’t you?” He whispered the words right into my mouth. I felt tears sting my eyes, but I didn’t break away. I nodded. As his hands held my face and his mouth ravaged my lips, I undid his belt and shoved his pants down to his knees. Before I could manoeuvre us towards the nightstand, he reached into his shirt pocket. He pressed a condom into my hand and shoved down on my shoulders. “Suck it,” he growled. For just a second, I closed my eyes, wondering what the fuck I’d gotten myself into. But by that point, my cock was thinking for me. I did the one thing I could. I dropped to my knees on the rug, and, in one motion, I had the soft pool of latex unrolled and my lips were kissing their way down Adam’s dick. I kissed and licked, slobbering him full of spit as I inhaled the smell of horny man crotch and rubber. My tongue feasted on the taste of his swollen dickhead and his long, smooth shaft. With a moan, I gave it up and took him in my mouth. I let my throat slide down over his shaft until I gagged against him. I stayed there, my throat muscles choking and squeezing against him until even I had to come up for air. “Fuck, man!” Adam gasped as I sucked in air beside him. “Do that again!” He pulled me on to him again. As my cock filled to the wonderful feel of his flesh moving into me, the door opened. For a moment I panicked. Adam held me on his dick until I was desperate enough for air that I could only kneel there panting when he let me off. When I could finally breathe again, he pulled me back on until just the head of his dick was between my lips. Marcella laughed softly in back of me. “Brendan, you would not believe how incredibly fucking hot you look kneeling there with a dick in your mouth.” As I twisted to try to see her face, Adam let me up just enough that I could see she was smiling. She was wearing a short black miniskirt with a deep V neck and four-inch heels that showed off her long legs and her cleavage. It was usually my favourite outfit. Tonight, the toe of her shoe rubbed over the head of my quickly shrivelling dick. Marcella knelt beside me, her hand trailing over my cheek, just below where Adam held my face firmly against him. Her finger trembled, and I saw the tears sparkling in her eyes. She looked as pale and scared as I felt. I cocked my head at her, as much as Adam’s grip allowed. Her finger moved along my sore jawline, curving around to where my lips were wrapped around his dick. “I want security in my marriage, Brendan. I am still so fucking pissed at you. But I’ve been thinking a lot this week, about you and me – and Tony and this jerk.” She frowned up at Adam. He grinned. Marcella took a deep breath. “I’ve been thinking about a lot of things, starting with that maybe your having sex with men isn’t competition.” She smiled, but her voice was shaky. She carefully chose her words. “We can call it quits if that’s what you want – I’ll even make Greg back off. But I’d like to try to work things out, if you want to. I really do love you.” I closed my eyes for a moment, trying to keep the room from spinning. My brain was overloading and I still didn’t have quite enough air. But as I waited in the quiet, I was suddenly so very aware of the warm, living, latex-enclosed shaft between my lips and the musky smell of Adam’s crotch and the feel of his hands on my hair, and of Marcella’s finger resting on my cheek and the cool leather of her toe moving over my slippery dickhead. In my mind’s eye, I saw my precome sticky on her shoe, and wondered what she’d do if it stained. Probably yell, I thought. My lady didn’t take shit from anybody. As my lips twitched, my tongue moved almost on its own over the bottom of Adam’s shaft. He moaned appreciatively, and I felt my cock hardening under Marcella’s shoe. I kept my eyes on her and I started to suck. I sucked deep and hard, letting the shaft slide out until only the head was between my lips, then taking it back in deep, in and down my throat. “God,” Marcella whispered. “You look like your jaw is unhinged.” This time I did choke. As I gagged around him, Adam yanked me off his dick, and we both laughed until I had tears running down my face. Marcella knelt down next to me and stroked my chin. “I want to watch.” I was beyond being surprised by anybody in the Torelli family. I looked up at Adam, who shrugged. “As long as she doesn’t touch me, man. I am really not into chicks.” He pulled me back onto his dick. “You, though. You suck cock as well as everybody says you do.” I ignored Marcella’s snort. I settled into giving Adam a blowjob that let my mouth live up to all the fantasies I’d had about having him between my lips. But when I took my dick in my hand, Marcella pushed it away. I turned to stare at her, Adam’s dick poking out into my cheek. “He said I can’t touch his dick. I’m sure as hell going to touch yours, babe.” I watched, stunned, as she opened that huge fucking purse she always carries and took out a hand towel. She laid it on the floor. Then she took out a pair of gloves, a huge tube of lube, and a very realistic looking and definitely more than realistically well-endowed dildo and laid them on the towel. Adam burst out laughing, his abs bouncing against my forehead as Marcella snapped on the glove. “You’re going to fuck him?” he laughed. “You bet your ass I am,” she said. “I’m not into open relationships. But if I’m going to ‘share’, then he better get used to me being in on the action.” I tried to move back to say something. I’m not even sure what, I was pretty much in shock. But Adam pulled me firmly towards him and said, “Suck!” Marcella’s hand moved over my ass and into my crack. I couldn’t think of anything else to do, so I sucked. Oh, God, did I suck. While Adam’s wonderful warm cock slid in and out of my spit-filled mouth and over my lips and tongue and into my throat, Marcella slathered my asshole with cool, thick, slippery lube. She worked me open, one slow, sensuous stretch at a time. I groaned against Adam’s shaft, trembling as he moaned at the vibration on his dick. “I stole some of Tony’s porn videos.” Her hands pulled in opposite directions, moving around and around my sphincter in bigger and deeper circles. “There was one on how to give anal massages.” Her finger pressed deep, right up into my prostate. I arched up to meet her. “Am I doing it right, sweet cheeks?” I nodded vigorously, shaking as precome leaked through my dick tube. I sucked frantically on Adam’s dick. “You’re sure as fuck doing something right,” Adam groaned, holding me even tighter to him. “He’s fucking swallowing my cock.” Marcella laughed, deep and sexy. “Let’s see if this helps.” Her weight shifted as she picked up the dildo. The lube was cool as she squeezed another huge glob onto my asshole. Then she stopped. “His ass isn’t at the right angle. Lay down, Adam, so Brendan can lean over to suck you. That way, he can stick his ass up into the air for me at the same time.” She pressed her fingers in firmly. “You wouldn’t want to argue with a man’s fiancée, would you, Adam?” Adam’s belly rumbled against my forehead again. “Far be it from me to get in the way of a man’s fiancée’s dick.” In one movement, he’d pulled me off him, flopped down onto the floor, and kicked his pants off the rest of the way. Then he yanked my head down onto his crotch. “Suck, asshole!” My ass felt like it was waving up at the moon. But, instead of being nervous, my whole body seemed to be concentrating on the feel of the word “fiancée” moving over my ears. Tears filled my eyes and I moved over Adam to 69, so I could take him at a good, deep angle. Then I opened my throat, and I worshipped that man’s cock. I licked and kissed and sucked while the tip of Marcella’s dick loosened my sphincter. As the huge head popped through, I took Adam deep. I worked every inch of his glorious shaft while Marcella slowly and surely slid her thick, heavy cock deep into my ass. She fucked me until my eyes crossed, laughing when she found just the right angle to hit my joyspot and make my dick drool. My nuts were climbing my shaft when she grabbed my cock. Her hand closed around me and she twisted up in one long, slow, squeezing roll. I came so hard I thought my spine was breaking. As the come erupted through my cock, my ass-muscles clamped down hard. Marcella pressed deep, grinding her dick into my prostate. I groaned around Adam’s cock, swallowing him until he stiffened and the viscous heat of his jism filled the tip of the rubber. I was shaking so badly and the dildo was so deeply embedded that Marcella just left it in my ass when she lay down and pushed Adam out of the way. His dick slipped free of my lips and, as he lay there panting, Marcella hiked up her skirt and I was face to face with her pantiless, glistening, musky cunt. “Eat,” she snapped. And, God almighty, I dove in and I ate her cunt until my tongue was numb. Adam had barely caught his breath when he said, “Sorry, dude. I can’t watch this pussy business.” “Lock the door behind you,” Marcella gasped. I flicked my exhausted tongue mercilessly over her clit. The door clicked closed, and she buried her hands in my hair, arching her pussy into my face. I shoved my fingers into her sopping, hot cunt and I licked her until she screamed. As her thighs squeezed my head, my ass-muscles finally loosened and the dildo slid out of my asshole, pulling me open even further as the heavy toy fell down and the head finally fell free. My arms gave out and I lay there with my face smashed into Marcella’s pussy. When she’d finally caught her breath, she pulled me up until we were wrapped in each other’s arms. We talked until almost dawn. When Tony called in the morning to see if we were still alive, she told him the wedding was back on. We eventually came to an understanding that works for both of us. I can beat off with Tony any time I want, so long as we don’t touch. She said that would just be too weird. Beyond that, whenever I want to suck cock or have mine sucked by a male throat, I have to bring the guy home, and the three of us retire to the bedroom when the kids are asleep. And when I want a dick up my ass, it has to be Marcella’s. She’s too worried about a rubber breaking to go along with other men fucking me, but I found I can live with that. Even in a three-way, when I’m kneeling on the bed with a latex-covered cock buried balls-deep in my throat and rough, male hands jerking me off and a gravelly voice telling me what a beautiful slutty bottom-boy I am, the fingers tickling my sphincter open are my wife’s. She fucks her huge, rubber shaft up my hole, and I come for her. Oh, God, I come. 