As Nigel watched Cathy skip down the driveway he wondered if he should have a word with her father about the appropriate dress code for a person having a driving lesson. But maybe when you were seventeen a skirt the size of a belt and a blouse open three buttons at the top might be an appropriate dress code. Plus how do you tell your best mate that his daughter’s erect nipple nearly had your eye out last week? Nigel got out of the car and walked around the back so that he could climb in the passenger side. Cathy walked around the front dropping one hand onto the bonnet, allowing her fingers to caress it as she moved. Her other hand was on the crisp white collar of the blouse that she was almost wearing. ‘Hiya, Nige,’ she purred. ‘Cathy.’ There was a moment, when they locked eyes. His were brown pools of misery for something he wanted but knew he could not have. Hers were a sapphire challenge of come on if you dare. Feeling the rising flush in his face, Nigel was the first to break the look as he pulled his eyes away. He had time to close his door and fasten his seatbelt before Cathy finally poured herself into the seat beside him. ‘Are you nervous about your test?’ Nigel asked. ‘Should I be?’ Cathy twirled a loose curl around her finger and looked at him from beneath her long eyelashes. ‘You’re a good teacher.’ He forced himself to concentrate. ‘Make yourself comfortable Cathy, then, in your own time, pull out into the traffic please and drive straight ahead.’ Cathy, blonde and built to thrill, adjusted her seatbelt so that it lay in between her breasts. Nigel glanced sideways in the pretence of looking behind but in reality his eyes made it no further than those tight breasts. Their freedom beneath her blouse was obvious and her nipples looked like tiny erect buttons. She pulled at the hem of her skirt in a vain effort to pull it down over her smooth thighs. Nigel watched her efforts out of the corner of his eye and then allowed his gaze to wander down her thigh to the bend of her knee and then to her muscular calf as she depressed the clutch and put the car into first gear. He did his best to keep his eyes on the road ahead but found his gaze constantly straying. By the time the car had rounded the end of the street he could already feel beads the size of house bricks forming on his forehead. ‘You hot?’ Cathy asked. ‘A bit,’ he admitted as he wound the window down. He could feel Cathy’s eyes on him. ‘I’m feeling a little warm myself,’ she said, the tip of her tongue sliding between her lips. Nigel cleared his throat. ‘Eyes on the road, Cathy,’ he said adopting a professional tone. ‘That’d be an instant fail on your test.’ He saw what he was looking for. ‘Pull up along the parked cars on the left please, Cathy and reverse into the parking space.’ Once at a standstill beside the parked cars, Cathy shifted in her seat so that she was sitting sideways to the steering wheel. ‘Is this position all right?’ ‘Yes,’ he answered quickly. ‘You haven’t even looked,’ Cathy pointed out. ‘I need to get the position right otherwise I won’t be able to do it properly.’ Nigel looked over cautiously. Her hands on the steering wheel meant that her arms pushed her breasts together and formed a deep cleavage. He quickly dropped his eyes and they landed on her skirt. The positioning of her feet on the pedals meant that it had ridden even higher on her thighs and afforded him a glimpse of her white panties. ‘Well?’ she asked. ‘Your position’s fine,’ he said with a voice that barely rose from his dry throat. All the while she was manoeuvring the car slowly into the gap his gaze strayed to her cleavage. ‘You’re not looking where I’m going,’ Cathy laughed. ‘I thought you wanted me to check out your position,’ Nigel said without taking his eyes off her tits. He questioned whether he was misreading the signs: no. He was sure he was not. Every lesson was the same. With the car parked Cathy asked. ‘Do you remember that place we used to go to when I first started having lessons?’ ‘I’m not sure.’ ‘That place where there was no one around.’ Her smile was like a bolt of lightning through his body. He wondered how much longer he’d be able to resist what was on offer, and had been since her first lesson. ‘The old aerodrome?’ ‘Yeah, will you take me there?’ ‘Why?’ She looked at him under lowered eyelids. ‘There are some other manoeuvres I’d like to try out.’ Nigel worried for a split second about the manoeuvres of his own he’d like to try out up there. He knew they were the same as hers but…his best mate’s daughter? Fuck it, he thought dismissing his doubts. No, he changed his mind. Fuck her. ‘If you’re sure,’ Nigel said with the knowing smile of a middle-aged man who knew he was about to shag a seventeen-year-old. The disused aerodrome was by its very nature a quiet place. But just in case there should be anyone about, he directed her to the farthest point from the main gates. There were a couple of square acres of trees around the perimeter. Following his instructions, Cathy pulled the car to a halt and turned off the engine. The bravado she’d shown all the way there and from day one disappeared. She looked straight ahead out of the windscreen. Nigel, remembering who he was, who she was and what was on both of their minds asked. ‘Do you want me to take you home?’ ‘Why?’ Cathy seemed hurt. He looked at her breasts as he spoke. ‘Because you’re seventeen, you’re my best mate’s daughter and you might have started something you don’t really want to finish.’ ‘I haven’t,’ she whispered, lowering her eyes. ‘You sure?’ ‘What’s the matter?’ Cathy asked defensively. ‘Don’t you fancy me?’ Nigel’s answer was to lean forward, cup her face between his hands and kiss her. When she didn’t respond he pulled a few inches away and looked at her. She looked at him and then she was the one to do the kissing and he responded, gently at first, but then with increasing urgency. He moved his lips from her mouth to her throat. As his right hand held the back of her head his left hand played with the buttons of her blouse. He was not as expert as he would have been with his right hand but he managed and soon the edges of her blouse fell apart and her breasts were completely exposed. Their shape was perfect, if a little larger than what he was used to, with erect caramel coloured nipples sitting just high of centre on each of them. Moving his hand to cup her right breast, he followed its curve with his finger all the way round until the nipple, now more proud than ever, barred his path. After flicking at it gently, he lowered his head. With the sweetness of Cathy’s perfume filling his nostrils he gently nibbled while his hand followed the curve of Cathy’s body until he felt the outline of her panties. He broke the gentle resistance of the elastic with his finger and moved along until his finger rested on her soft mound. Cathy stroked his hair like he was a faithful dog. Feeling the rising within himself, Nigel pushed himself into an upright position. ‘What’s wrong?’ she asked. ‘Cathy,’ he said seriously. ‘If you come with me into those trees, I am going to throw you on the ground and fuck your brains out.’ He smiled at her. ‘Will you come?’ ‘Thought you’d never ask,’ she said with her old confidence fully restored. ‘But there’s one thing you’re going to have to remember,’ he said as he opened the door. ‘What’s that?’ ‘I’m the teacher and you have to do exactly what I say.’ She smiled. ‘Okay.’ ‘And the first thing is that you leave that blouse as it is.’ He walked around the back of the car and opened the boot. As he lowered it after taking out the blanket that he kept there he saw that Cathy had followed his orders. She stood by the side of the car with her blouse lying either side of her exposed breasts. He motioned her to follow as he led the way into the trees. There was a patch of ground covered in moss and that was where he lay the blanket down. They stood looking at each other. Both of them wanted what was coming next but only one of them was in the driving seat. Teacher and pupil. ‘Take your blouse off,’ Nigel said as he unbuttoned his shirt. Both garments fell onto the floor. ‘Now the skirt,’ he instructed as he pulled his belt free from his trousers at the same time as he kicked off his shoes. They stood wearing just their underwear. Hers a tiny white thong and his stripy boxers that failed to contain his huge erection. Cathy looked at the stalk that he had grown with wide eyes. It pleased him. ‘Come here.’ She obeyed immediately. The tips of her breasts brushed his chest. ‘Take them off,’ he said. Cathy took hold of the side of her panties. ‘No,’ Nigel said. She looked startled. ‘Mine.’ ‘Oh,’ Cathy’s coyness could have been mistaken as genuine. She fell onto her knees, her face inches from his groin. Grasping the band at the top of the boxers she pulled. As they came down Nigel’s penis was forced downwards: once released it bounced against her face before returning to its almost vertical position. ‘Rub it,’ he commanded and she took it in her small hand and rubbed along its full length. After she had rubbed it for a few minutes Nigel instructed her to ‘put it in your mouth and suck.’ Cathy had just been waiting for the instruction because she obeyed without hesitation. It occurred to him that this was not the first time that Cathy had taken a cock in her mouth. Either that or she was a natural. She used her cheeks to suck, her teeth to scratch and her tongue to do God knows what. Nigel threw back his head, unable to hold himself in check. It had been a long time since anyone had done this. He shot his load quickly. Cathy swallowed his juice hungrily like someone who hadn’t eaten for a week. As she wiped the remnants of his spunk from her lips she looked up at him and smiled. ‘Tasty.’ ‘Stand up.’ With her lips slightly open just inches from hisr face Nigel opened his mouth and kissed her. His tongue searched for hers and he could taste his own saltiness in her mouth. His hands went to her breasts and he took a nipple in each hand. He tweaked them gently, before releasing them and moving his hands down to her crotch. As he gently rubbed he felt his temporarily flaccid member come back to life. He pulled his lips away from hers. ‘Your turn,’ he whispered and he fell to his knees. At first he just looked, then using just his thumbs he traced the outline of the V at the top of her legs, and then slowly he tugged the knickers and lowered them inch by inch. When they were at her knees he let go and they fell to her ankles. Cathy lifted first one foot then the other and then she was free of everything that she had been wearing. Nigel didn’t touch her at first. He knew that was what she wanted but he also knew that the delay would increase her desire. The first thing he did was blow a gentle stream of air. It was so gentle that her pubic hair barely moved, but it had the right affect. She moaned her appreciation. He took a finger and ran it along the outside of her crack. Back and forth, back and forth, each time going a tiny bit deeper until eventually he broke through. She shuffled her feet until her legs were slightly apart. He pushed his finger into her hole and heard the satisfying squelch of her juices. He removed his finger and looked at it. Slowly and deliberately he put it into his mouth. ‘Tasty,’ he said with a smile. She smiled back, a faraway look in her eyes. ‘Down,’ he said patting the blanket. Obediently, Cathy bent her knees and crouched. She paused with her face close to his but Nigel ordered her down with his eyes. And she obeyed with a barely hidden smile. She lay on her back with her legs bent at the knees. Her arms were stretched high above her head. Nigel knelt at her feet. He ran his hands up her thighs until they rested on her knees. It took minimal force to prise them apart and she opened to him. She murmured with delight when he flicked his tongue over her clitoris. Having tasted enough of the sweetness he sat up. He put two fingers of his right hand inside her and started a gentle in and out rhythm. He used the fingers of his left hand to stimulate her. ‘Fuck me,’ she begged. He ignored her pleadings and maintained his action until he sensed that she was ripe. Once he was sure, he removed his hands and his body over her. Taking hold of her hips, he moved himself into position and entered her. Moaning with delight, she wrapped her legs around his back and they settled into a rhythm, their mutual pleasure increasing with each thrust. Nigel congratulated himself. He had judged Cathy’s ripeness to perfection and her orgasm exploded just seconds before his own. Spent yet satisfied they lay awhile to catch their breath. ‘Can I bring a friend next time?’ Cathy asked. He lifted himself onto his elbow and looked down at her, hardly able to believe his luck. ‘My friend Margaret is looking for a driving instructor. You could teach us both.’ 