Grace lifted the mug of coffee to her mouth, pouted her peony-coloured lips and blew over its surface. As her gentle breath rippled the liquid her eyes looked straight ahead at the man standing less than ten feet away. Mr Barlow. Grace wondered if he would let her call him Edward. She smiled as she rested the mug on her lower lip to allow some of the hot liquid to enter her mouth. He had no idea what was coming his way. As soon as Grace had heard that Steve Barnes had left the company and they were going to promote from within she’d known that she wanted the job, must have the job. And she knew just the way to get it. He wouldn’t know what had hit him. She was still smiling to herself when he turned around and saw her watching him. She dropped her eyelashes demurely like the virgin she hadn’t been for about fifteen years. When she lifted them again she saw that he was still looking at her. “Hello, Mr Barlow,” she said. “Miss Lloyd,” he replied with a smile on his lips and a look of admiration on his face. It only took the few seconds that their eyes were locked for her to know that he was going to be putty in her hands. Later she stopped his secretary on her way to the coffee machine. “I’ll get it for him,” Grace said. “I’m getting one for myself anyway.” “Oh thanks, Grace, he’s milk no sugar.” A couple of minutes later she lowered the mug onto his desk, leaning forward just enough to offer him a glimpse of her cleavage. “Milk no sugar,” Grace said with a sideways glance. “Just the way I like it,” he replied with a glance of his own. “I aim to please,” she rested her hands on the desk and used her arms to push her breasts together, deepening the cleavage on show. She stayed like that for a couple of seconds locking eyes with him all the time. “Thank you.” Grace pushed herself up from his desk. She walked away with a look of satisfaction on her face and the knowledge that her arse, barely contained within a skirt that finished at the very top of her thigh, looked great. She exaggerated her sway just in case he hadn’t noticed. She could feel his eyes on her all the way. Without breaking stride she looked at the clock on the wall opposite. In a couple of hours people would start to leave for the day. Mr Barlow was always the last to leave but tonight they would be leaving together. Grace watched each of her colleagues leave making the excuse that she was, “Just finishing something”, every time anyone asked if she was leaving. Eventually they were the only people left. But neither of them was working. Both were pretending to be busy but the only thing either of them was doing was observing the other. After a while Grace gave up with the pretence and walked towards his office carrying the thing that she was “just finishing”. His head was down but she knew that he was watching her. She paused in the doorway and leaned against its frame. She tapped on the glass door. He looked up, pretending to be surprised. “Grace,” he said, “you’re here late. I didn’t realise that there was anyone still here.” Like hell you didn’t, Grace thought. But she kept the thought to herself and said, “I just wanted to finish this.” She held a sheaf of papers in her hand. When he said, “You’d better give me what you’ve got,” she knew that her plan was right on track. She flicked the wedge from under the door with her toe and it closed behind her as she walked into the room. His eyes moved up and down her length as she walked the half dozen steps to his desk. From the look on his face Grace could tell that he wouldn’t be playing hard to get. She walked over to him and perched herself on the edge of his desk. He pushed his chair back at an angle and admired her legs. Grace knew that they were good, she’d worn the skirt especially to show them off at their best. It was clear that the effort had not been in vain. She handed him the papers and he tossed them onto the desk without looking at them. Grace dropped her head onto her chest and looked at the bulge that had formed in his crotch. His trousers couldn’t hide what was happening there. He looked at it too and laughed, “Getting a bit tight in there.” Grace bent over and rubbed her hand over the mound and he wriggled in his seat. She gripped the zip between her fingers and pulled gently. After a slight resistance the zip made its way down its tracks. With a practised hand she reached inside, located the hole in the front of his boxer shorts and released the beast within. “That’s better,” she said with her eyes still on the throbbing length of cock that she had released. He slid his chair forward and moved his hand onto her thigh. He stroked it a few times before allowing his fingertips to move towards what lay beyond. He found her own mound encased in lace and he stroked her through the fabric. Slowly he found the edge of the garment and forced his fingers under it, finding her shaven and soft. “Unless you want those ripping,” he said, “you’d better take them off. She appeared to consider her options for a second before pushing herself off the edge of the desk. She stood before him and lifted her skirt over her hips. She let him look at her a while, knowing that the lace barely covered her at all. With her fingers stiff and straight she pushed her hand into the front of her knickers. She could feel her excitement in the dampness that she found there. He could hear it in the noise she made. When she removed her hand she offered it to him and he took her fingers in his mouth and licked her juices from them. “Tasty,” he said. She looped her thumbs over the edges of her panties and gave them a gentle tug. She lowered them to her knees and then allowed them to fall to her ankles. She kicked them aside. “Why don’t you take that skirt off too,” his voice had taken on a hoarse quality. “Why don’t you,” her voice was playful. He didn’t need inviting twice and pushed himself to his feet. He came towards her with his cock twitching at a forty-five degree angle. He found the zip where it rested on her hip and opened it. Seconds later the skirt was where her knickers had been and she kicked it away in the same manner. He grabbed her arse and pulled her into him so that his rod was pressed against her naked crotch. With their faces inches apart she took his tie between her fingers and loosened it. She could feel his breath on her face and sensed its increasing speed. He moved in to kiss her but she pulled back. “Patience, Mr Barlow,” she giggled. Their hands became a frenzy of movement, opening buttons and removing clothes. Soon the only garment left between them was a bra that matched the knickers that Grace had already cast aside. He stroked the soft curve of her breasts before his fingers followed the path of the straps up to her shoulder and down the back. He freed each hook in turn and caught the bra as it fell from Grace’s shoulders. He tossed it away. Grace stood naked in her boss’s glass-walled office with her equally naked boss and she was more aroused than she had ever been before. She had also never felt more in control. She knew that he would do whatever she asked him to. Grace turned around and leaned over the desk and, with a sweep of her hand, cleared a space. Then she waited for a moment to see what he would do. She wasn’t surprised when she felt his end trying to burrow its way between her legs. He leaned his chest against her back and wrapped his arms around her cupping a breast in each hand. As he kneaded them he planted kisses on the back of her neck. He released her breasts and moved his hands down her body. They moved over her stomach and towards the V at the top of her legs. He found her as soft as he was hard, and not completely shaven. He found the contrast between smooth skin and the line of soft down irresistible and he moved his finger from one to the other. On the fourth sweep of the area he stopped on the line that ran down her crack. He moved his finger from side to side until the slit opened and he made his way in. She tingled under his touch and inched her legs apart to afford him easier access, allowing him to rub her until she was almost ready to explode before grabbing his hand. “What?” It was a sound more than a word. “I want to see you when you fuck me,” Grace explained as she turned around. “Do you want me to fuck you?” “Oh yes please, Mr Barlow. I would very much like you to fuck me.” She spoke the words slowly in a voice just above a whisper. “Then you’d better open up.” “Anything you say, Mr Barlow,” she said, laying back and taking the weight on her elbows. She lifted her feet, balanced her heels on the edge of the desk and allowed her knees to fall to the sides. “You are very beautiful,” he said staring at her pussy. She liked the way that she felt as she lay exposed before him. She shifted her weight onto her left elbow, freeing her right hand to move down to her crotch and spread her lips in invitation. Once again it was the only invitation he needed and he took his enlarged cock in his hand and moved it to the rim of her hole. He paused a second before forcing himself forward. His excitement had made him large but hers had made her wet and he entered her smoothly. Once he was all the way in he paused for just a second before withdrawing almost all the way. He then grabbed hold of her thighs and used them to pull himself back into her with even greater force, He took four or five thrusts to find his rhythm but once he’d got it right he hit the spot every time. Grace lay back and enjoyed the ride. She uttered a little cry each time he entered her which he took as encouragement to go harder and faster. Soon those little cries had become something bordering on screams. Then without realising it had happened, her ankles were around his neck and her hips were off the desk. She moved her hands to her tits and squeezed, gently at first but as her excitement grew her movements grew harder until she dug her fingernails into the soft flesh as her orgasm washed over her. She felt him grow inside her just before his warm jet told her that he was spent. They moved around each other searching for various pieces of clothing and dressed in silence. As he fastened the buttons of his shirt his eyes glanced at the sheets of paper that Grace had given him. He gave her CV a cursory glance. “You’re hired,” he said as he reached for his jacket. “Why thank you, Mr Barlow,” she said coyly. “Oh please,” he said, turning the light out with one hand and feeling her backside with the other. “Call me Ed.” 