“What should I be? A witch or a slut?” Those seemed to be my only two choices. All the costumes in the “adult women’s” section were either black gowns with scalloped sleeves, leopard-skin hooker dresses or naughty schoolgirl uniforms. Julian smiled. The lucky bastard already had his costume picked out – an Albert Einstein wig and a fake white mustache. Halloween stores definitely provided a wider selection of alter egos for men. “How about a slutty witch?” he offered. It wasn’t a bad idea. All I had to do was grab spider web stockings and a pointed hat to go with a slinky black minidress I pulled from the rack. No one expected dazzle from a couple of tourists from New Jersey. Julian and I were going to the famous Halloween party in the Castro to sightsee, not be seen. Still, I was happy to note the lustful flicker in my husband’s eyes when I stepped out of the dressing room to model my outfit. Even the plastic skeletons leered down from the walls. “I guess it took a trip to San Francisco to bring out my true nature,” I said, noticing in the mirror that the hem of the dress barely covered my buttocks. “You don’t think this is too provocative, do you?” Julian stepped up behind me and leaned in close. “I love seeing this new side of you. Besides, all the other guys there will be gay. I’ll have you all to myself.” He reached out and gave my ass a quick squeeze. I giggled. It was the last time that gesture would ever be so innocent. The rest of the day followed the ritual we’d established during our week in the City by the Bay. We explored yet another charming neighborhood and ended up at a restaurant that was recommended by our friends Chuck and Michelle. This time we ate dim sum at Pearl City where we feasted on plate after plate of barbecued pork buns, shrimp-and-cilantro dumplings and sticky rice steamed in bamboo leaves – all for less than twenty bucks total. Afterwards we headed back to our hosts’ Noe Valley townhouse for an afternoon tumble on the guest room futon. In honor of the holiday, Julian asked me to put on the witch dress while I “rode his broomstick.” Once he had me flying high, he started whispering that I really was a witch, because the dress made me look so hot he’d wanted to hike it up over my hips and fuck me right in front of everyone in the store. I came almost immediately. Later that evening, I wore the dress again to go up to the Castro. Fortunately the night was warm for San Francisco, because I was showing a lot of flesh. Not that I was alone. The streets were teeming with partiers in lingerie and seriously dangerous fetish wear. “Chuck sure seemed anxious to get us out of the house,” Julian laughed, taking my hand as we strolled along among the Grim Reapers and naughty nurses. “He was talking up Halloween in the Castro all week – it’ll be a night to remember – then suddenly they have to stay home to hand out candy. At 10 p.m.?” “They probably started humping the minute we left. There must be something in the fog here that turns everyone into a sex fiend.” “I know.” His gaze slid over my clingy costume. “Actually, I can see us moving here some day. Then we can be sex fiends all the time.” “It works for me. I’d transfer to Schwab’s office here, and I’m sure you could find something pretty quickly, Einstein. Everyone’s interested in a good physicist.” “E equals mc squared! Love your costume.” This from a burly, bearded man dressed as Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz. I tried not to stare, but there was something oddly compelling about thick, hairy legs coupled with a blue gingham skirt and ruby slippers. A skinny scarecrow in the same group winked at Julian. “I wish I had your brain, honey.” I waited until they walked ahead to tease him. “See, everyone is interested in a good physicist.” Julian gave my butt a smack. “Watch yourself, or I’ll have to punish you later.” Yes, something about San Francisco definitely brought out our wild sides. By now the streets were bustling. We passed more Dorothys, lots of Marilyns, a whole squad of beaming nuns, all in drag. Mixed in with the locals were college kids, obviously drunk, some carrying rubber masks of famous actors or politicians, others not even bothering with a “Cheap Ass Halloween Costume” T-shirt. Soon the crowd was so dense, we were shuffling rather than walking. Julian wrapped an arm around me. “Hey, I think that’s the parade up there.” I followed his gaze. I couldn’t see much but the head and shoulders of a tall, beefy man in a green sequined evening gown. Perched on his head was a huge golden crown decorated with filigreed towers and terraces like a south-east Asian temple. Shimmying to a throbbing drumbeat, the Halloween Queen wound his way through a roped-off passage in the center of the street. Several other buff guys in bright sequined dresses danced behind him, a fitting court of honor. The music was almost deafening, and I was about to shout to Julian that maybe we should go back, but we were already hemmed in by bodies on all sides. The crowd pushed us forward, and Julian’s arm slipped from my shoulder. He wedged himself in behind me. The Oz group we’d seen earlier had joined in the conga line. A man dressed as Toto lifted his leg and pretended to relieve himself on the onlookers. He actually used a squirt gun for the gag, and the crowd roared, lurching back and throwing me against Julian’s body. Fortunately he caught me, cupping my bottom and tipping me back on my feet. His hand lingered for a moment, steady and reassuring, then pulled away. But apparently, he couldn’t resist my charms for long. A moment later I felt his fingers brushing my cheeks, gently, but with enough confidence to send prickles of pleasure straight to my pussy. My eyes widened in surprise, but I quickly adjusted my expression to a neutral stare. Why not let my husband feel me up in public? He probably just wanted to reassert his heterosexuality after being ogled by the hairy Dorothy. Besides, the way he was touching me – as if the illicitness made him appreciate every sweet inch of my ass in a whole new way – was incredibly arousing. Maybe I was turning into a slut? I rocked back against him, a secret signal to carry on. If the tent pole in his jeans was any indication, he was enjoying this as much as I was. That’s when Julian began to caress me in earnest, raking his fingertips in slow circles over my flesh until my buttocks were melting with pleasure. Other parts of me responded, too. My breasts felt heavy and sensitive. My clit ached for his touch. And my cunt was a faucet, soaking my panties with hot juices. I lolled my head back a little to let him know I liked it. His breath quickened, but oddly, he seemed content with the teasing caresses. I felt a flicker of annoyance. He could talk a good game in bed, but when we actually had a real chance to do something in public, he lost his nerve. No one was watching us. A straight couple dressed in cheap costumes from the Spirit Store was the height of boring in this part of the world. Little did they know. Suppressing a wicked smile, I grabbed the hem of my skirt and inched it up over my hips. Now there was nothing between my ass and that warm, grasping hand but a pair of fishnet hose. Spreading my legs, I tilted forward from the waist, boldly offering myself – just in case he had any doubt of my desires. I half hoped he might force his way through the pantyhose and finger-fuck me on the spot, but Julian just kept rubbing my fleshy cheeks. He used both hands now, kneading and squeezing, as if enchanted by the heft, the softness. Not that his new devotion to my butt wasn’t flattering, but I needed more. I swiveled my hips discreetly, nudging his hand along until his fingers slipped into my furrow. The hand paused. I held my breath, my pulse throbbing between my legs. If he didn’t touch my wet pink parts soon, I might well pass out from frustration. After one unbearable moment, his forefinger finally snaked down into my cleft and tapped my asshole lightly. Electric jolts sizzled through my body, and a moan spilled from my lips. It would certainly be a night to remember if Julian made me come in the middle of the Castro Halloween Parade. Suddenly a college kid, reeking of beer, stumbled into me from left. “Hey, let me through. I bought front-row seats, ya know.” Staggering behind him, his buddy smacked straight into my body, hurtling me forward through the crowd as easily as a cock glides into a well-lubricated vagina. Murmuring embarrassed apologies to the people around me, I quickly yanked down my dress and turned to find my husband. The drunk kids had pushed him far over to my right. His Einstein wig was awry, and I saw my panic mirrored in his face. When I caught his eye, he jerked his head back the way we came. I nodded and began to push my way toward him. After all, we could carry on with the evening’s real entertainment back in our bedroom. We didn’t have the chance to talk until we were back on Jersey Street. “That wasn’t a night to remember,” Julian grumbled, “that was a fucking zoo.” He was right, but his sudden grumpiness surprised me. “Come on, sweetie, you were enjoying yourself.” “Not really.” “No? You didn’t like feeling me up back there?” Julian stopped in his tracks. I should have caught on then, but I was still giddy from the lingering effects of that tap-dancing finger. I leaned toward him and whispered, “Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone you were fondling my ass in public.” He frowned at me, eyes narrowed. “What the fuck are you talking about?” Suddenly I did get it. My jaw – and my stomach – immediately crashed to the sidewalk. “OK, what happened back there?” “Nothing.” I started walking. Fast. Julian kept pace with me. “It wasn’t nothing. Someone was touching your ass.” “Let’s talk about this later.” My face was on fire, but the whole lower half of my body was cold and numb. Someone – I’d never know who – was indeed touching my ass. “No, not later. I have a right to know exactly what happened right now.” Did he? I gritted my teeth. Did the real Einstein ever act like such a possessive jerk? And wasn’t I the victim here? Julian wouldn’t be put off. “What did he do to you?” “It could have been a ‘she’,” I shot back, although I knew, of course, that it wasn’t. “Sandra, I think you need to tell me.” His voice was gentler, and I slowed my steps. “I thought it was you, OK? And nothing really happened. He just patted me a couple of times. It was . . . friendly.” Julian made a humph sound as if he knew I was lying. Which I was. We walked the rest of the way in silence. When we got back to the house, we found Chuck and Michelle in the living room, sharing a bottle of wine and watching Halloween. They invited us to join them, but Julian muttered something about having a headache and retreated to our bedroom. Stalling for time, I sat down and polished off a glass of cabernet in three swallows. “How was it?” Chuck asked, his smile so mellow, I knew the two of them had indeed gone at it the minute we left. “The crowd scene was pretty intense.” I wasn’t really in the mood to go into detail. “Every year the party gets crazier, although I hear nothing too out of hand happens until after midnight. There’s even talk about canceling it completely one of these years,” Michelle said. “Good thing you got your chance tonight. I’ll bet you never forget this experience,” Chuck insisted. “You’re right about that.” I stood up wearily. “Well, I’d better get to bed.” “By the way, Sandra?” Chuck called after me. I turned. He wiggled his eyebrows. “That dress really shows off your assets.” Michelle jabbed him in the ribs. I gave them a crooked smile and crept back to the guest room, which now felt more like some haunted house for wayward wives – the Lair of the Demon Husband. The room was completely dark. I eased the door closed, just in case Julian was actually asleep. A voice floated up from the bed, low but determined. “Sandra, we have to talk.” My pulse jumped. It was time for my punishment. “I know.” I peeled off my costume, vowing to toss the cursed thing in the garbage the next morning. Then I crawled under the blankets, keeping a careful distance from Julian’s body. “I’m not mad at you,” he said gruffly. “You could have fooled me.” Marriage manuals always warned you not to go to bed angry with your spouse, but I’d definitely be doing that if we didn’t clear the air. “Look, I’m sure we both have lots of confused feelings, but for the record, I thought it was you and there was no, uh, penetration at all. I hope if we talk about this honestly, we can put it behind us.” Without a word, Julian rolled toward me and took me in his arms. He was hard. Rock hard. And huge, as if he’d downed one of those cock-enhancing potions they sell on the Internet. “What’s this?” I blurted out – as if the answer wasn’t obvious. “Are you sure you want an honest answer?” Suddenly Julian sounded like the guilty one. I swallowed. “Of course, I do.” “Well, I’m totally pissed off at that creep for taking advantage of you. If he was here right now, I’d break off every one of his fingers and then do the same to his dick.” I laughed uncomfortably, although his rough chivalry touched me. “But . . .” he faltered. “But what?” “The thought of a stranger touching you like that is kind of . . . exciting.” Now it was my turn to give the little humph. “What are you thinking, babe?” His voice was almost a whisper. Was he ready for honesty? Because, in fact, his confession had conjured a spirit I’d been trying very hard to put out of my mind – that faceless man who’d so gently caressed, even savored, my ass. Would he remember the night he met an unknown female so horny she let him rub and squeeze her cheeks, even hiked up her own skirt and practically forced him to finger her cleft? Was he thinking about it now, his fist wrapped around his cock as he sniffed his musky finger, his own special Halloween treat? Julian’s arm tightened around me. “Sandra, you can tell me the truth.” “OK, but I really don’t know what else there is to say. It happened. It’s over.” He took a deep breath. “Did you like it?” I froze, unsure how to respond. There was no doubt I’d enjoyed it at the time. But later, on the way home, I felt tricked and violated, not just by the wily stranger but by the accusation in Julian’s voice: slut, whore. And now? My belly clenched, a sharp spasm that lingered on as a throbbing ache. I couldn’t help picturing that anonymous hand kneading my cheeks while Julian watched, his monster cock straining against his zipper. Perverse as it was, it excited me, too. I felt like a sorceress, reveling in my dark power to seduce men, bewitch them, bring them to their knees. “Yes,” I admitted, “I liked it.” We lay together for a few moments without speaking. Julian cleared his throat. “What did he do to you?” It was the same question he’d asked me before, but this time his voice was soft with need. He wanted a different answer. And I realized, at that moment, that I wanted to give it to him. I wasn’t sure I could actually say the words, the truth, out loud. But to my surprise, when I started to speak, my voice came out low and silky like an incantation. “It all seems so strange now. I was just standing there, and the person in front of me stumbled back and I lost my balance. I didn’t think anything of it when you – he – put his hand on my butt to steady me. He acted like he had a right to do it.” “Then what?” Julian whispered. “Then he started stroking me, drawing circles on the cheeks with his fingertips. It wasn’t at all like some pervert grabbing what he could get. He was slow and careful. I thought it was you teasing me, daring me to want it in front of all those people. Soon my whole butt was tingling. I could feel it in other parts of my body, too.” Julian’s hand reached around to cup my ass. His fingers began to trace circles on the bare flesh. “After a while, I got so horny I hiked my skirt up to my waist and pressed myself against him.” At this Julian let out a whimper, but his fingers kept stroking and circling. “I wanted him to put his hand between my legs to feel how wet I was, but he just kept rubbing my cheeks, like he was mesmerized by them. I was going absolutely crazy, so I wiggled around until he . . .” My voice caught in my throat. “What did he do?” “His finger slipped into my crack and he . . . touched . . .” Julian inhaled sharply. “Yeah?” “He touched my asshole. Very lightly – tap, tap, tap.” My husband made a strange sound in his throat as if he were in pain. I clearly had him under my spell, but the words had hypnotized me, too. I was right back on Castro Street, my pussy throbbing and drooling in my underpants, desperate for release. “Can I fuck you now, Jules? I’ve been thinking about it all night.” Beyond speech, he simply grunted and rolled on his back. I swung my leg over his hips and sank right onto him. “Your cock’s so big and hard,” I breathed. “Just like his.” He made that funny new sound again, a twisted cry of yearning. I wanted to make him do it again. I started to ride him slowly, grinding my clit against his belly. “Did you like hearing about the things he did to me? Be honest now.” He choked out a quavering “Yes.” “Then you tell me. Tell me what it’s like to be married to a slut who wants it so bad, she lets total strangers rub her ass in the street.” “Oh, God . . .” He arched back on the bed and gave me another sweet, strangled moan. “Now stick your finger in my crack like he did.” Julian was panting, his mouth opening and closing like a fish, but he dutifully licked his finger and slid it down my crack. Then, just like the stranger, he touched me – tap, tap, tap – right on my puckered hole. My orgasm shot through me, up from my ass and straight to my skull, where it exploded in a blizzard of sequins glittering and dancing before my eyes. I don’t know what Julian saw when he shot his load a few seconds later. But I could tell it was pure magic. Of course, I didn’t throw the dress away the next day. I took it home with me and brought it back again when we moved to San Francisco a year later. Somewhere along the way they did cancel the famous street party. There were too many unruly incidents, too many arrests. Still it is an unforgettable part of the city’s history – and of ours. Every now and then we like to keep Halloween in the Castro alive. I put on the dress and ask my husband, “What should I be tonight? A witch or a slut?” 