I took the afternoon off and drove all the way to the next county as a precaution against anyone seeing me. The farther from home, the better. I even waited until the store was about to close, so there would be fewer people to see me, or – my biggest fear – to know me. We were bored, Jack and I: same positions, same time, same place. He didn’t seem disinterested yet, but I knew it was getting to that point. I didn’t really want someone new as much as something new. The store was on a side street, off the main run through town. I parked down a few doors so I could watch people coming and going from the store. Some people came out with nothing at all, and some with discreet black bags. Nobody had secretly taped signs on their backs saying “I’ve Been to a Sex Store”. They all looked as if they were just out shopping. I was on the verge of chickening out and driving home when I thought of Jack – of me on top of him, and Jack watching the TV while I bounced around on him. That had actually happened last Saturday night. Dammit! I wanted Jack to watch me, not the TV. Already red-faced and horribly self-conscious, I got out of the car, took a deep breath, and walked towards the store. The little bell that went off when I opened the door sounded deafening, but the one shopper inside didn’t appear to have heard it at all. The store clerk looked like the girl next door. She smiled at me. I grinned like a fool and then marched to the back of the store as if I knew exactly what I was looking for. I found myself facing a wall of vibrators and dildos. I had no idea I’d have such a wide choice. So many colours, shapes and sizes! I heard the little bell ring again, and hoped it was the man at the checkout leaving. I couldn’t bring myself to look at anything or even to turn around until he did. When Janice – that turned out to be her name, Janice – asked if I needed any help, I dropped the rubber cock I was holding. She bent and picked it up for me. “That’s a pretty big one,” she said, placing it back on the shelf. “You seem a little nervous. Is this your first time here?” “It shows, doesn’t it?” I said. She just smiled and walked away. Janice brought me a glass of wine and told me to relax and look around. The store was closing in 20 minutes, she said. She’d lock up and we’d have the place to ourselves. She’d help me find what I wanted. A few more people came and went. I managed to avoid them all. I heard the bell ring as the last customer left, and then the turn of the lock. Janice brought out a glass for herself and refilled mine. “Ready for the big tour?” she asked. “Let’s start here.” She explained how the store was laid out. Novelty items up front, cards and things like that. As you walked to the back, the merchandise became progressively more hardcore. The furry handcuffs were in the middle; the real ones were at the back. I told Janice why I had come to the store and admitted I didn’t really know what to get. I was open to any suggestions. She said we should go back to the lingerie rack and see if we could find something that might tear Jack away from the TV. She picked out two items: a red, lacy bustier-style teddy and a white babydoll nightgown. She handed me the white one and told me to try it on. Two glasses of wine and no one to see me. Why the hell not? The changing room was small but mirrored, and I thought I looked pretty good. Very risqué. The bra had holes for my nipples and the panties were crotchless. Janice asked me through the changing room door how I looked. “I don’t need the other one,” I said. “The white one is fine.” She said, “Let me see – just to make sure it fits right.” I opened the door. I was stunned. Janice had put on the red teddy. The blonde hair that had been tied back now flowed over her bare shoulders. The bustier left her breasts completely exposed. They were full and heavy with deep pink tips. The legs on the bustier were cut high, leaving the lacy front pointed south like a red arrow, drawing attention to her obviously shaven pussy. She wore red gloves and matching high heels. She stood with her legs apart and her hands on her hips. “Would you like to see the back?” I nodded dumbly. Janice turned around and bent over. A thin red line snaked up between the white cheeks of her round ass. “Do you think Jack would like this?” she asked. “Uh-huh,” I said. I sure liked it. I wasn’t thinking of how it would look on me. I liked the way it looked on her. Janice walked towards me. “Let’s see if this fits right.” She walked around me, adjusting the sheer material. “It needs to hang right,” she said. I couldn’t speak. She smoothed the material over my breasts. I couldn’t breathe. She gently pulled my nipples through the holes in the bra top and I felt them harden under her fingers. Janice turned me around to face the mirror. I closed my eyes. She stood behind me and separated the two halves of the panties between my legs, barely touching me. “That’s better,” she said. I felt her move to adjust the front. I couldn’t look. She pulled the lace to the side, exposing my dark curls. I still don’t know if she opened my legs herself or if I helped. So much easier to say that she did it: made me want her, made me start getting wet. She knelt and held my hips in her soft hands, and slipped her tongue between my downy lips. My head fell back. I gasped, shocked at the heat of her mouth and the depth of my own desire. “Look in the mirror,” she said. If it was a turn-on to feel a woman between my thighs, it was overwhelming to see it. She knew the effect it was having on me. I saw her beautiful ass framed in red lace. I saw her head bobbing as she sucked on me and I did what anyone else would have done. I took two big handfuls of her long blonde hair and held on. Janice looked up and asked if I wanted her to stop. I shook my head no. She parted my outer lips, exposing my hardening bud. Her tongue flicked back and forth with a directness and purpose I had never experienced before. It was as if she knew my body, as if her mouth knew its way. This was for me. Nothing was expected of me but to accept pleasure. I felt the waves start deep inside me, washing down my shaking legs. My eyes did close, but not before I saw myself in the mirror. I watched myself coming with a woman. I watched myself liking it. I never touched her that time, besides the handfuls of hair, and I didn’t kiss her. I changed and bought the red teddy right off her body. “It will help you remember,” she said. “Come back any time. If you need any more help.” I realize now how smooth she was. Is, I suppose. I have been back to Janice’s store lots of times. We play the same game each time. I go late, and pretend it’s my first time. I don’t need to act nervous, because I still am. Each time, it’s the first time for something. We’re working our way back to where the real handcuffs are, but we always end up in front of the mirror. “You need to have a clear image of us in your head,” Janice says. “It will help you remember. Jack can have the benefit of that.” She likes to teach me things that Jack has asked for. Janice brought out some pillows one time and piled them in front of the mirror. We had a little picnic there on the floor. We lay naked in each other’s arms, giggling like children as we fed each other. I painted trails of melted chocolate around her nipples, over her flat stomach, and down between her pouting lower lips. I had paid attention to what she did when she licked me and wanted to return the favour, so for the first time I centred myself between her thighs and eased her legs up and out, exposing her sticky chocolate mess. I knew what I liked when she was washing me with her tongue and I wanted to make her feel as good as I felt on the receiving end. “Taste me,” she said. I was as nervous as a first kiss. The one you want but are afraid to take. I bent down and gently licked her inner thighs. I worked my way closer to her. Janice stopped me and pointed to her face. “Just pretend you’re kissing me up here,” she said. I bent down again and she opened like a mouth accepting a lover’s tongue. My taste buds enjoyed her salty chocolate flavour. Question answered: she tasted good. I wanted more. Janice pushed a pillow under herself and pulled her legs apart. I took my time exploring, pulling the folds back and exposing her hard little clit. I watched the juice ooze out of her, catching it with my tongue just before it ran down between the divide of her soft, white backside. I felt in control and enjoyed playing with her, bringing her to the edge and back several times before letting her come. I lay there with Janice, thinking that we were equals at last. I had done something for her. She waited until she had caught her breath before re-arranging the pillows. I thought it was my turn next, and it was. “You did really good,” she said. “I moved these pillows so you’d be more comfortable. Lie down.” I lay back as if I was going to get my blue ribbon for coming in first, all proud of myself. “You need to turn over.” I was a little confused but Janice helped me turn and pushed the pillows underneath me, forcing my ass up in the air. “It’s a good day for first times,” she said, as she moved around in front of me. She knelt and tied my wrists with a silk scarf, then tied the end to a ring set in the floor by the wall. She tied both ankles the same way, leaving me exposed and vulnerable. “I’m not going to gag you because I’m not going to hurt you. You won’t have any reason to cry out,” she said. “But I want to hear you when you come.” Janice knelt behind me. I thought that she was going to take me from behind somehow. She let me think that as she fingered me and I found myself pushing back to meet her thrusts. “Nice, isn’t it?” “Yes,” I managed to gasp. “You’ve never tied me up before.” “Oh, this isn’t the new part. That’s coming now.” I felt my cheeks pulled apart and Janice’s tongue probing my rear. I was tied down, so I wasn’t going anywhere. She told me I was very pretty back there. “Has Jack ever had you here?” she asked. “No.” “Good,” she said, “because I want to be the first. You can be my virgin.” Janice took her time that day. She started with her tongue. Licking and sucking me until my ass was covered with her spit. She took some lubricants from the shelf and brought them to me. “Pick one.” I told her which one I wanted and she moved behind me and greased me. It was cold but I could feel it warm with my body heat. She knelt in front of me and began to grease the fingers of her hand. She held her hand in front of my face. “Pick one. You’re going to feel them all, eventually, but which one do you want me to start you with? I said I didn’t want to pick. She said I had to. They all looked big to me. I felt myself tightening. Her red lacquered nails glistened obscenely with their layer of grease. “The thumb,” I said. It seemed like a good choice: it was shorter. I didn’t realize, that first time, how much thicker it was. Janice moved behind me again. I felt her thumb resting at my opening. She began to exert a steady pressure to ease herself in, circling inside me. I could feel her widening the arcs, stretching me slowly open. I watched in the mirror as she began to move her hand back and forth, violating me further. Janice withdrew for a moment, but only to insert a different finger. First one, then two, and sometimes three. She never left me empty longer than it took to decide which combination she would use, or to apply more grease. She used her other hand to cup my pussy and play with my swollen bud. She had been truthful about not wanting to hurt me. Tying me down was just to make me feel helpless. True to form, she made me look when she felt me start to come. I still had chocolate on my face from being between her legs. My ass was up in the air, so I could see her fingers disappearing between my cheeks. I looked like a bad girl that had been caught in the cookie jar. Offered up for punishment. There was nothing I could do but give in to Janice as she filled me front and back with her thumb and fingers and stroked me till I came. Janice wants that part of me. She says it’s hers now. My ass. No room for Jack there. That was last time and now I’ve come back again. I hear the bell tinkle as the last customer leaves, and hear the lock turn. We stroll around the aisles and stop at the wall display that still amazes me with all its shapes and sizes. Janice kisses me and fondles me through my top. I put down my wine glass, unbutton her shirt, and slide it over her shoulders. I unhook her bra, leaving her naked from the waist up. I like to have her this way sometimes so I can concentrate on whatever is exposed. I cup her ample breasts in my hands. I push them together and lick the crease where they meet. I turn her around so I can hold them from behind, kneading and gently pulling her rosy nipples. I have her hair in my face and I inhale the female scent of her that I cannot smell on myself. I face her again and bend to suck one hardened bud into my mouth and roll the other between my fingertips. The skin around them is flushed pink and warm. Janice knows how much I enjoy her body; she lets me take my time. She’ll tell me when it’s time to move on. She helps me undress. She is very loving tonight. When she’s like this, so tender, it always means that at some point she will take complete control, and I will allow her to do whatever she wants. She knows. She takes her time plying my body with her fingers and tongue, and I lay there waiting. She stands up and walks to the wall. She picks up a harness with attachments, one for me, one for her. She tells me to help her put it on; I do, tightening the straps so they fit over her hips. It’s small but thick. I separate her blonde lips and find that she’s already dripping, so it slides in easily. I bring her up to her knees and adjust the straps that hold it tight inside her. My turn. I get down on my hands and knees in front of the mirror. She takes her time fingering me, spreading my juice on the rubber cock that bobs between her legs, joined to the one I’ve put in her. She asks me if I’m ready. Asks me if she’s bigger than Jack. I answer yes to both as she pushes inside me. She knows exactly what to do. She waits after she fills me, just a slight rocking of her hips, barely noticeable. When I can’t wait any longer, I ask her to fuck me. She asks me if I’m sure, and my answer is to push back on her. She starts slowly at first. It feels good. Each stroke forces Janice’s plug deeper inside herself. Our tits bounce in unison as we moan the same song. I want to turn around. I want to look in her eyes; I want her to see me when she makes me come this way. Janice withdraws and I turn around to face her, easing her onto her back. I want to taste myself on our cock, and bend to take its pussy-slicked length in my mouth. I feel Janice’s hands on my head, establishing a slow steady rhythm. I leave our phallus and lick around the base of the plug buried in Janice. My tongue probes around the hard leather straps that contrast with the soft downy folds they force open. I suck up her generous juices, then rise to lick a tongueful into her waiting mouth. “I need to fuck you,” she whispers as she trades places and slides up between my legs. She grinds against me, forcing our plugs deeper. I gasp with the unexpected rush. I am fuller than I have ever been. Her sex-swollen breasts brush my face and I catch a nipple, sucking her in as she swings above me. I grasp the other nipple in my hand, kneading and squeezing as she moves in and out of me. “Look in the mirror with me,” I say. It is a wonderful sight: my long legs as far apart as they can go; the muscles of her ass straining as she pumps into me; our breasts sweating, pressed together. She tells me I’ve come a long way. I tell her I’m going to come. “Good,” she says. “Let me help you.” Just a little bit harder, just a little bit faster. Just a little bit closer to the back of the store.