The branches of a weeping willow caress the dark grass as gently as a lover’s fingers. The artificially enhanced moonlight above illuminates the leaves with a silvery cast that’s almost ghostlike as Christine moves into place, the cool night mist swirling around her bare feet and ankles. She’s wearing only a nightgown, knee-length, pristine white, the fabric so gossamer that little is left to the observer’s imagination. She’s naked beneath it. “Action!” shouts Mark Gaitzberger, director of The Blood Moon Kiss. Strong male fingers reach out from behind, seizing Christine’s long black hair and pulling her head back to expose the vulnerable flesh of her neck. An arm appears from the same direction, fitting her waist into its vise. Her nipples stiffen as she feels a hot mouth fastening onto her jugular, followed by the pricking of sharp teeth. At that moment she experiences the shimmering of an orgasm, which begins at her neck and moves down her body, exploding into a thousand fragments of pleasure at her groin. If not for the arm encircling her waist, she would have collapsed to the ground. The bodice of her gown darkens as wetness streams from her neck. She doesn’t need to look to know it will be red. How did it come to this? Six Weeks Earlier When you live in a place like Georgia and you get a call from your agent telling you he’s just landed you a part in a hit television series that’s being shot in Savannah – and you don’t even have to audition for it, you aren’t about to argue. I mean, let’s get real: Georgia isn’t exactly Hollywood. And for a Southern gal like me, this is home. Despite having no blood ties, I feel rooted here, a product of the soil like a Georgia peach. It’s hard to explain, but something holds me here; maybe I was a Southern belle in a previous life, living on a big plantation and drinking mint juleps all day until some Rhett Butler turned up on my doorstep to ravish me. I just know that I don’t want to be anywhere else, even if it means I’d stand a better chance at hitting the big time if I left. I’m happy enough to get the occasional role in a play at the Actor’s Express Theater in Atlanta or in a TV commercial. By the way, that was me in the ad for Billy Bob’s Burger Emporium. I was the waitress on the roller skates. You know, the one with the big beehive hairdo balancing the huge tray of food. I nearly twisted an ankle in those goddamned skates. I guess some things are better left in childhood. I did wonder about the audition issue. It’s practically unheard of to hire an actor without having that actor read for the part or do a screen test (unless maybe they’re Johnny Depp or Angelina Jolie), but as they say, don’t look a gift horse in the mouth. I’ve seen several episodes of the show and have to admit it’s pretty good, as prime-time soap operas featuring a bunch of vampires go; I could do a lot worse. I also have to admit that one of the actors in it is really hot, and the thought of working with him gets me really hot as well. Not too professional, I know, but there you go. Not that I expect anything will happen – the guy’s like the biggest heartthrob on television; he probably has women (and maybe even a few men) throwing themselves at his feet on a daily basis. Fred, that’s my agent, said the series’ producer had seen me on a public service ad for a battered women’s shelter; I’d done this sort of one-woman performance deal, speaking directly to the camera as a wife who’d run away from her abusive husband. I realize it’s only a TV commercial, but I’m proud of my work on it. I think I managed to portray just the right amount of fear and anguish. It was probably the fear component that got the producer’s attention. Whatever, I’ll be earning more money than I’ve ever earned in my life. By the time my stint is finished, I should be able to put a nice down payment on a house and maybe get a new car, too. Not bad for a few weeks’ work. Savannah The night I first arrived on the set, seeing him for the first time . . . the entire planet seemed to shift. I was told in advance that most of the shooting would be done at night, so I’d already begun to prepare by sleeping during the day, practically living the life of a vampire before I’d stepped foot in Savannah. I’d met pretty much everyone in the cast and crew before I did my debut episode – well, everyone except the one person I most wanted to meet. I don’t want to sound like some starry-eyed teenager here; I mean, we’re all professionals, peers, and it’s been a long time since I was a teenager, but I felt as if my heart would go bursting out of my ribcage, that’s how excited I was to finally meet him. Talen Dashkovar. God, even his name is enough to give you goose bumps. We never got a chance to rehearse together before we came face to face for the first time. They’d used a stand-in for him, since he felt our debut scene would be much more powerful if we hadn’t met yet. Apparently Talen’s one of those method actor types who actually becomes the character he’s playing, and being as popular as he is, no one’s inclined to disagree with him. I also heard some of the crew saying that he was feeling slightly under the weather (again) and resting up for the shoot. Judging from last season’s episodes, he did seem to have a rather fragile quality beneath the boyish masculinity, though that might’ve been down to his pale complexion, which I’d assumed was enhanced by make-up so that he looked more vampiric. I already knew from the script that I, too, would become paler with each episode, indicating that my life was slowly ebbing away, along with the blood in my veins. With my naturally black hair, the contrast with my skin would be made even more dramatic. Our debut scene was brief, though that didn’t lessen its impact. My character and his character share one of those fleeting-glance moments, full of lust and desire and the promise of more to come. It’s late at night and Meridian (me) is walking past the fountain in a deserted Lafayette Square when Kyle (Talen) suddenly appears from the opposite direction. We both come to an abrupt stop, our figures illuminated by a full moon (with some added help courtesy of the lighting guys). Our eyes meet and hold; his are green and staggeringly beautiful, at times almost iridescent. I’ve never seen eyes like his before, not even on a cat, and they’re not enhanced by any form of trickery from the make-up department or wizardry from special effects either. Meridian is unable to move, she’s so spellbound by him. After about a minute, Kyle smiles ever so slightly and steps aside, allowing her to pass. She awakens as if from a trance and glances around in confusion. Kyle has vanished from the square. A slow pan of the area reveals Meridian’s lone figure standing by the fountain looking lost. And Meridian is lost. Just as I am lost. It’s difficult to tell where he’s from. His accent is like no other accent I’ve heard. At times it sounds Southern, then a moment later it sounds European, but it’s always cultured, no matter which way it swings. My Southern accent has been beaten out of me by years of acting classes, leaving behind a generic North American one, which I can adapt at will, depending on what part I play. But Talen’s a mystery. It’s as if he came from out of nowhere and suddenly landed smack dab in the middle of a hit TV series. Before I left for Savannah, I tried to find out what I could about him from the Internet, but most of what came up was information related to the show, including some video interviews of him with other cast members. He always seemed to speak only if he had something of relevance to say, as though measuring each word’s importance before uttering it, whereas his co-stars jabbered away with a youthful ebullience they apparently hadn’t yet grown out of. So when Talen invited me out for a drink on the first Sunday evening we had off since we started filming, I probably answered much too quickly. His mouth quirked up in one corner with what I came to associate as his trademark smile, as he named a popular place on River Street that overlooked the Savannah River. Apparently it used to be a cotton warehouse and was considered a place of historical interest, but one that served booze. I admit I dressed with a lot of care for the occasion, wanting to be sexy in an understated classy way – simple black dress, knee-length, bare legs, strappy sandals, lacy bra and panties, the latter of which I rarely wore (the lacy kind) since I generally had no occasion to, not being that big on dating. I guess it’s safe to say I’m a loner – no surprise, considering my background. I’m not sure what I expected to happen between us, but the fact that something was happening between us was pretty obvious. He was waiting by the bar, dressed casually in jeans and a long-sleeved black shirt, which had a couple of buttons undone at the top, revealing a discreet gold chain along with a tantalizing hint of smooth flesh like polished ivory. I wondered if the rest of him was as smooth and unmarred, since it looked doubtful he frequented the beach or tanning salon – at least not while playing the part of Kyle anyway. We greeted each other with a touching of hands, followed by a light kiss on the lips, which almost sent me reeling backward as if a current of electricity had been shot through me, though I managed to recover in time. “You’re looking very lovely tonight, Christine,” he said, his eyes looking more iridescent than I remembered. I nodded, unable to speak. He gestured to the bartender, and a moment later a glass of chilled white wine was placed before me. Whether I’d actually ordered it I can’t say, but it is my drink of choice. How Talen could have known this I’ve no idea. After a few nervous sips, I found myself talking all about my life, from my lonely childhood with foster parents who cared only for each other to my very first lover, who cared only for himself – a selfish young man I’d met at college who abandoned me when we thought I might be pregnant. I couldn’t believe I was revealing so much about myself; it’s not like me to open up to people, especially someone I barely know. Talen listened attentively and with appropriate sympathy, though he offered no private revelations of his own. I suppose I could have asked, but somehow it felt intrusive to do so. No sooner had I finished my wine than another was put before me, and for Talen a glass of absinthe, for which the bartender performed that whole spoon and sugar-cube thing. I’d never tried it before, and Talen offered me a taste. I found it pretty vile, although he assured me I’d soon get used to it. I thought that a rather strange thing to say, but then Talen was . . . well . . . strange. Sometime afterward I recall being in the back seat of a taxi, pressed close to him as the night flew past outside the car’s windows. Then suddenly we were on a deserted beach among the sand dunes, the moonlight sparkling blue-white diamonds on the Atlantic, the scent of salt in my nostrils and the taste of it on my lips. It tasted like blood. Her dress lies in a dark puddle on the white sand as she stands naked on the beach, facing away from him toward the watery horizon. His head is bowed into her neck, his arm crossed over her breasts, holding her firm against his chest. The nail of his thumb flicks against one nipple until it can harden no further, at which point he takes it between the pads of his thumb and index finger, pinching it lightly, then less so, varying the pressure so that she doesn’t know what to expect, stopping just short of causing actual pain. She feels herself growing wet, so wet that it reaches her inner thighs, and she adjusts her stance, parting her legs to keep them from sticking together. The sand has retained the heat of the sleeping sun, and it feels warm and comforting against the bare soles of her feet. The moonlight makes her pale flesh look even more so, though with a blue tint that gives her an ethereal quality, like that of a ghostly angel. His hand leaves her breast to locate the V where her thighs meet. With a pairing of fingers he parts her folds, exposing the intimate pink to the sea air. The shock of what he’s just done stops her from breathing. Her response is internal, all yearning thoughts and flowing juices. There’s no movement from either of them, save for the gentle suction of his lips on her neck and the rhythmic sound of the ocean lapping the shore. The progress of the moon across the dark sky is the only thing that alerts her to the fact that time is passing. They remain two silent figures on the beach, frozen in time and space, one fully clothed, the other exposed and vulnerable in her nudity. His fingers continue to hold her open, though he makes no move to stimulate her. It’s as if he’s tormenting her or displaying her secrets to some unseen observer – some nocturnal peeping Tom who got lucky tonight and, rather than spying on a pair of teenagers going at it with unpracticed haste and little in the way of finesse, instead finds himself being treated to the sight of a man offering a detailed exhibition of a woman’s genitals. Through half-lidded eyes she looks around, expecting to see a figure crouching in the tall grass of the dunes. But there’s no one, no one on the beach but them. For a moment she feels almost disappointed. A breeze off the ocean kisses her exposed flesh, as if drawing attention to her wetness. It’s bubbling from her now, frothing hot and needy. The sea mist licks at her like a tongue, licking that place the man holding her has forced into exposure. And when she comes, she weeps from the force of it. They lie together in a small clearing in the woods, chest on chest, pelvis on pelvis. The camera moves in on them as Kyle dips his head to drink from Meridian’s neck, his left hand tenderly caressing her face and hair as if he’s making love to her rather than placing her at risk of being transported from one of the living to one of the dead. Meridian moans with what sounds like orgasmic pleasure, and her hands reach up to Kyle’s head, her fingers twining in his dark hair. There’s a brief moment when they tighten their grip and actually pull, though this moment quickly passes, making the observer wonder if it was ever there at all. The camera lens does not pick up on the fact that Talen’s other hand has slipped between their two pelvises, or that his middle finger is wedged deeply inside her. “Cut!” shouts the director. Neither Talen nor Christine moves. He continues to lie on top of her, his face buried in her neck, his heart pounding hard against hers. Although Christine’s eyes are closed, her lips quirk upward into a tiny smile, as if she holds a secret. The crew collects their gear and moves off, chuckling among themselves good-naturedly at an on-camera romance that has obviously moved off-camera. Best of luck to them, they think, having seen their fair share of such things over the years. Christine and Talen make a striking couple. In fact, they look as if they’re destined to be together. Why shouldn’t they hook up? When the echoes of voices can no longer be heard, Talen leaves Christine’s neck and positions himself at her knees, where he draws up the hem of her dress, his earlier explorations having told him that she has forgone wearing panties tonight. He does so slowly, torturously, allowing Christine to experience the erotic shock of being fully exposed to him. The wounds on her neck bubble slightly with blood, but he has only drunk a small amount, all too aware that he’s pulling her nearer and nearer to the life he has led for the last century and a half. She’s almost ready to make the transition. When the hem finally reaches her waist, Talen bends her legs at the knees and pushes her thighs apart, lowering his face to the portion of her that he has brought into exposure. Her positioning forces the lips of her sex to distend outward and he places his own before them, meeting their humid kiss. The taste and scent of her is such that he feels in danger of losing control and he stabs his tongue inside her, the tightness enveloping it, promising a pleasure so exquisite he fears he might not be able to wait for much longer. But wait he must. Each thrust of Talen’s tongue is met by a return thrust from Christine. She wants him inside her so badly; she cannot understand why he’s making her wait. But the question’s soon forgotten as Talen’s tongue changes tack, applying dizzying swirls and circuits around her inner lips, teasing and tormenting and flicking over the flesh at the center. A warm shimmering begins to move along her body, starting both at the top of her head and the tips of her toes and traveling steadily toward her middle, sending electrical currents through every pore and hair follicle. These are no ordinary sensations, no ordinary precursors to the final moment of pleasure, and suddenly she can’t breathe. She wonders if this might be it; that this time she really will die. Christine has felt the breath of death before. It happens each time Talen drinks from her – that acceleration of the heartbeat followed by a curious awareness of things she never noticed: the rustle of insects in the grass, the distant sound of a bird’s wings flapping in flight, occasionally even human voices murmuring in languages she can’t recognize. His feeding on her has become more and more indistinguishable from her sexual pleasure, and she always believes she won’t survive it – that it will finally be the last time. The sound of Christine’s wetness is amplified to her ears, and she pushes her pelvis into Talen’s face, silently begging him to continue. She loves the sound of him licking her and wants it to go on forever. He seems to share her desire and never once falters; it’s as if his tongue is memorizing her intimate terrain or perhaps even reacquainting itself with it after a too-long absence. When Christine’s orgasm is at last brought to fruition by his tongue, she’s pulled from this world and transported into another. Afterward Talen rises up from between Christine’s thighs, his lips shining with her moisture. As he looks down at her, he licks it away, his eyes burning in the night like emeralds that have been set on fire. I have to smile whenever I look in the mirror and see the bruise on my neck with the two matching puncture marks located in the center. I touch the area carefully, though it isn’t sore. Touching it gives me pleasure, as though the wound retains a memory of the orgasms I experience when the blood’s being drawn from it. Not for the first time, I wonder why no one seems to have noticed anything unusual. There have been less and less instances of make-up having to come in and apply fake blood to my neck and any other parts of me it’s spilled onto. Didn’t they ever wonder where it was coming from? Or was the reality so unbelievable that their minds shut down until they neither saw nor realized what was in front of them? Do I even believe it myself ? Though it’s been less than a month since I joined the cast, I know that I’m in love with Kyle. Or rather Talen. I get the two mixed up sometimes. Playing a character, particularly that of a woman who believes that spending an eternity as one of the undead is a better option than knowing she’ll eventually lose her beloved by the fault of her own mortality is not exactly an idea I can’t relate to. Having said that, I’ve never had such thoughts about other men. Envisioning myself with someone several months down the line, or even years, was as far as I’d ever managed. But eternity? No. I can safely say I’ve never entertained such a concept or loved anyone enough to desire it. Until now. I wonder if I’m mad, or if Talen is mad. Though if we are, then I’m happy to exist in madness with him, even if it means it might eventually kill me. If his artistic perfectionism has actually led him to become the person he’s playing, so be it. Or perhaps it was him all along . . . He knows I want him inside me. Want it so badly that yes, I’m willing to die for it, to let him take away what remains of my life, just like Meridian. But he’s in control. There’s nothing I can say or do; if or when it happens, it will be his decision. So I wait. Patiently. And at last I get my wish. It’s 2 a.m. on a Sunday morning when Talen takes me to the Bonaventure Cemetery. Although not the first choice on most couples’ lists for romantic destinations, it feels right that we should go there – that it should be in this place where we consummate our relationship, at least in the biblical sense. I feel no fear being here among the dead. They don’t wish me harm. Like a fine Southern gentleman, Talen takes my arm and guides me through the darkness toward the oldest part of the cemetery. We eventually arrive at a moss-draped oak that overhangs a large grey tombstone. Despite its age, it looks surprisingly well tended, and I notice that a bouquet of flowers has recently been placed at the grave. He indicates with a nod for me to lower myself onto the grass. The blades feel cool and welcoming, soft beneath the thin fabric of my dress, and I lie back as if I’m in my own bed, stretching my arms above and behind me to create a pillow for my head. I smile up at him with a trust I’ve never given anyone. Talen kneels down beside me, pulling my dress up over my thighs, my belly, my breasts, and then over my head. I’m naked beneath it. I only wear dresses when I’m with him, never jeans or anything constricting, and generally no underclothes, not even if he and I are shooting a scene. Ever since the first time we were together, that dream-night on the beach, I’ve stopped wearing anything beneath my dresses. I want to be available for him at all times, should he desire a touch, a taste, a scent. Sometimes he’ll just pull me into his face and breathe me in, not touching me. Even this makes me come. He leans down and kisses my lips, his tongue licking the top one, then the bottom, before sliding into my mouth to meet mine. His saliva is like a fine wine and I sip it from his tongue, savoring its herbal sweetness. I could spend hours like this, but when Talen breaks our kiss to straddle my chest, I suspect he has other plans. His fingers unzip the fly of his jeans and I open my mouth, pleased to be given still more of him to savor. The moment my tongue makes contact with the flesh being offered, my body begins tingling with that electrical current I always experience from his contact. I can actually hear it buzzing in my ears, as if a million bees are swarming around my head. I taste his tangy-sweetness and moisture fills my eyes. How can it be possible to love someone this much? Talen allows me a few minutes to indulge myself, and I lick and suck at him hungrily as bits of moss from the overhanging branch of the old oak drop greenish-grey tears onto my nakedness. Then he decides I’ve had enough. On this occasion my mouth will not be receiving the completion of his pleasure. There’s no preamble, no courteousness, as he jerks open my thighs and enters me with one thrust. His lips swoop down and fasten onto my neck, his teeth breaking through the fragile skin they have broken through so many times before. I arch my pelvis upward, swallowing him so deeply that it feels as if he’s entered my womb. For a moment I allow myself to wonder what kind of child we’d have – would it be human, or would it be like . . . him? The soft suckling sounds at my neck as he drinks from me cause my heart to swell with tenderness, and I cradle his head against me, stroking his dark hair and placing little kisses anywhere my lips can reach. It’s as though I’m breastfeeding my child, giving it nourishment to allow it to live. Then I realize that yes, this is exactly what I’m doing, only Talen is not my child: he’s my lover. He moves inside me with short hard thrusts that continue to increase in speed and violence, alerting me to his impending climax. As his pelvis grinds against mine, the steel of his zipper occasionally catches in my pubic hair or bites into the surrounding flesh. I welcome the pain; it’s just one more element of the pleasure he gives me. I look up at the moss-draped oak and see an owl observing us with its large saucer eyes, as if it understands exactly what we’re doing. My hands leave Talen’s head and slip beneath the seat of his jeans, fastening onto a buttock each. They are smooth and warm, and I allow my fingertips to skirt the crease, which is hot and humid and unexpectedly inviting. I can tell he’s nearly there; the sucking at my neck has become more frantic, as have his strokes. Suddenly my breath catches as I feel molten lava shooting into me, filling me until I’m overflowing, pooling beneath me on the grass in a boiling puddle. As I imagine it soaking into the dark rich earth, deeper and deeper, until it reaches whoever lies beneath us, I cry out, consumed by an ecstasy that surpasses any I’ve yet experienced. With a loud flap of wings the owl takes off. The ground beneath me vanishes and I’m lifted up into the black Savannah sky. I too, have become a creature of flight, swooping on the currents and playing tag with the stars, my cries of pleasure like the keening of a bird of prey. Talen is with me, our feathered fingers entwined, offering a reassuring touch of safety in this strange environment. I know that he won’t let anything happen to me; I’m safe with him. I will always be safe with him. My eyes open and I’m lying on the grass by the oak tree. Talen’s beside me, still exposed, the beautiful length of him glistening from our combined wetness. We’re holding hands, our breathing perfectly matched, as if we share the same set of lungs. I prop myself up on one arm so that I can look into his eyes. They’re completely iridescent now, and I feel myself being bathed in a green fire. “I love you,” I say. Talen studies me with a serious expression, and several moments pass before he finally responds. “But do you love me enough?” The sky is starting to lighten, indicating that it will soon be daylight. Neither of us has slept, and we have another long night of work ahead. The filming of The Blood Moon Kiss will soon be reaching an end, at least for this season, and I’ve no idea whether I’ll be invited back for the next – or if there will even be a next. Talen helps me up from the ground and brushes the errant bits of grass from my dress. I laugh a girlish laugh, finding his gesture sweetly familial. This is when I notice what’s been carved into the headstone at the place of our lovemaking. Talen Dashkovar Born 3 May 1824 Died 1 December 1853 Before this fully registers in my consciousness, I note another inscription directly below it. Beloved Wife Adelina Dashkovar Born March 17 1817 Died 28 November 1853 He reaches up behind his neck to unclasp the gold chain he always wears. That’s when I notice for the first time the locket that hangs from it. I can’t recall ever seeing a man wearing a locket before, but then, Talen isn’t like other men. He clicks it open and places it on my palm with great care. “Adelina,” he says softly. “My wife.” A tiny black-and-white photograph of a young woman looks up at me. Her features are dramatic, the hair and eyes intensely dark against a face nearly the white of snow. There’s something familiar about her, but I can’t at the moment place it. “She died carrying our child.” Talen’s eyes glitter like minute shards of green glass. A few slide down his cheeks and he turns away, his face crumpling. I take his hand and press it to my cheek, his heartbreak so palpable that I feel my own heart breaking as well. Later that day while brushing my teeth before the mirror at the bathroom sink, I suddenly realize why Adelina seemed so familiar. The face inside Talen’s locket is the same face that looks out at me from the mirror. “The minute I saw you on that television commercial, even with the ridiculous beehive hairdo I recognized you.” Talen smiles, the tiny lines at his eyes crinkling with affection. “I’d know my Adelina anywhere.” Talen’s convinced I’m the re-embodiment of his dead wife. He’s even admitted that he used some kind of mind control ability he has to influence the show’s producer to get me hired for the role of Meridian. So much for my Emmy Award-winning performance as a roller-skating waitress at a drive-in burger joint. I’ve never really given much thought to reincarnation. As a concept it has its appeal; I mean, the idea of never being truly dead, of having a second chance at life, or a third, or a fourth . . . who wouldn’t want that? The fact that I know absolutely nothing about where I come from, or from whom, lends Talen’s theory even more credence. I was a Jane Doe, a baby abandoned at birth, then later placed with foster parents. My past is a blank sheet of paper. Now Talen is filling it in, only with facts from a very distant past – facts that resound deep within me like an iron bell being hit by a hammer, making my acceptance of the impossible possible. For the first time in my life, things are making sense. He grabs my hands and presses them to his heart, which beats hard and strong beneath his shirt. “I’ve looked for you everywhere. I never stopped looking, not for a single moment in the century and a half since you left me.” It’s beyond my comprehension to be loved by a man to such a degree that he would look for me for more than 150 years. To be honest, I can’t imagine any of the men I’ve been involved with even going to the trouble of walking around the block to look for me. Adelina had died before Talen had been given a chance to transition her. They’d agreed that she would not relinquish her “normal” life until they’d started a family, believing it fairer on the children to decide for themselves whether they wished to change over. Of course, neither Talen nor Adelina knew if having one normal parent and one vampire parent would result in a vampire child, but they still felt the decision should remain with their future children, if such a decision would, in fact, be theirs to make. However, the couple hadn’t reckoned on Adelina dying – and taking with her their unborn child, who’d been growing outside the womb. Talen had railed against the world, cursing everyone in it for killing the only thing that ever mattered to him, the only thing he loved. Adelina. “I guess there were a lot of things I didn’t know back then,” says Talen, “such as the fact that vampires can’t kill themselves by flinging themselves in front of a speeding carriage drawn by a team of horses.” He laughs at this, but his mirth sounds hollow. “Clearly, I looked dead, or at least dead enough to be buried.” The conversation is surreal. But then, everything that’s happened since I came to Savannah has been surreal. Even more surreal is the fact that Adelina died from an ectopic pregnancy. It had turned out that I’d been correct when I thought I was pregnant in college. My boyfriend took off, and a few weeks later abdominal pain and bleeding landed me in the emergency ward, where I was diagnosed with a tubal pregnancy. By then the fetus was dead. As I tell all this to Talen, he breaks down into sobs. “I can’t bear to think I might’ve lost you before I’d even found you again!” The following evening just before they are to be driven into the Georgia countryside for their final shoot, Talen takes Christine aside to once again show her the locket. This time when he clicks it open, she sees not Adelina as she was in the 1850s, but Adelina as she would be in the twenty-first century. Suddenly Christine realizes that the photo inside the locket is of her and she smiles. And Talen knows that it’s time to ask the question he’s been waiting to ask. Meridian lies on the ground looking up at Kyle, his lips shiny red with her blood in the artificially enhanced moonlight. It’s a pivotal scene and the last one in the season, and the powers-that-be have left its filming till the very end rather than shooting out of sequence. They don’t realize that the decision has not been entirely theirs, and that other powers have influenced the decision as well. It’s the scene in which Meridian acquiesces to being turned into a vampire by Kyle so that she can be with him for eternity. He hasn’t forced her or exerted any form of mind control on her; she offers herself of her own free will and with the full realization that there’s no returning to what she was, no going back. Ever. Epilogue Actress Collapses on Set of Hit TV Series – USA Today SAVANNAH, GA – Cast and crew of the hit vampire TV series The Blood Moon Kiss were stunned yesterday on the final day of filming by the sudden collapse of actress Christine Emberson. Emberson, 36, who plays Meridian in the popular primetime vampire soap, had just finished shooting a night scene with actor Talen Dashkovar (who plays Kyle) when she collapsed. Paramedics were called to the scene, but by then the actress had recovered. She was later escorted off the set by Dashkovar. “Ms Emberson has been suffering from exhaustion,” said Mark Gaitzberger, the series’ director. “It’s not uncommon in a show like ours. We often work all night for several nights running. It was obvious to everyone that the schedule’s been taking its toll on her. What she needs is a good long rest.” Dashkovar, 29, who’s in a relationship with the actress, apparently agrees. He has taken Emberson to his secluded retreat in the Blue Ridge Mountains until she’s fully recovered. “I ask everyone to please respect our privacy,” said heartthrob Dashkovar. “I must look after Christine. She’s my priority now.” Neither Dashkovar nor Emberson has indicated whether they plan to return for the series’ third season. 