It would be a lie if I said I’d never fancied girls. There’d been the girl at school with all the cool clothes, the girl at college with the feathered haircut, Gina Gershon. But I’d always thought that maybe I didn’t really fancy them, that it was more an admiration thing, that it was a stage of adolescence as much as bad skin and rampant hormones. Because after I discovered men those feelings seemed to vanish. Having a man’s strong arms wrapped around you, the feeling of running your fingers across a hairy chest after a bout of energetic sex, the musky smell of cock and a man’s sigh as you took him in your mouth; well, what could beat that? So I was ill-prepared when I saw her, because it definitely wasn’t an admiration thing. I was sitting in the reception area of my beauty salon when I saw her, idly flicking through a glossy magazine. She had short dark hair that highlighted her delicate features, all high cheekbones and big brown eyes that occasionally glanced in my direction, as if she could sense me looking at her. Every time I looked away, embarrassed to be caught staring, to be caught checking out another girl. Because that’s what I was doing, looking at her lush lips and imagining kissing them, wondering if it was really true that kissing another girl felt that different, that it would feel softer. Looking at her breasts, larger than my own, changing her figure from petite to curvy, wondering what it would feel like to touch them, whether they were as sensitive as my own. Looking at her cool clothes, her tight jeans and tight black t-shirt so different from my more practical floaty skirt that would allow me to get my bikini line waxed without removing any clothes, wondering if she really were as cool as she looked, wondering if she would be distant if I approached her. As if I could. Maybe I was curious, but I wasn’t gay, wouldn’t know the first thing about approaching another woman. Probably wouldn’t even know what to do if she did respond, wouldn’t even have the guts to kiss her, let alone anything else. But it didn’t stop me thinking about it. Maybe it was just because I was off men, I thought, perhaps that was it. My last relationship had hardly ended happily, and I’d let myself go. Two months of self-imposed exile later and I’d had enough of hiding myself away, and getting out of pyjama bottoms and fat pants, and getting my bikini line waxed and back into thongs was the first step. Maybe I wasn’t ready to get back into the dating game, but at least I could look like I was. Or maybe I could try something different. As she discarded the magazine I leant forward to pick it up, ready to ask if there was anything interesting in it, ask her what she’d thought of it, anything to start a conversation. I didn’t know how to chat up a woman, how to do anything with a woman (hadn’t even kissed a friend to tease male admirers), but maybe just talking was a start. ‘Any good?’ I asked, just as my beautician, Kerry, walked towards me. ‘Always,’ she replied enigmatically, smiling as I blushed. ‘I’m ready for you now Jodie, if you’d like to come through?’ I followed Kerry through, making small talk as I quickly climbed on the table, pulling up my skirt to expose my wayward hairs. The small talk died as Kerry began preparing the wax, I couldn’t make idle chat, my head was full of the girl from the waiting room. Has she seen me looking? Has she sensed my attraction? Was she gay? Or maybe just curious, like me? I felt nothing as Kerry efficiently slathered on the wax, and just as efficiently placed on the fabric strips to pull it away. I couldn’t help thinking that maybe somewhere else in the building the girl was in the same situation as me, legs spread wide apart, a small thong only covering her modesty, maybe even not that. I felt myself get wet, and hoped that Kerry couldn’t see my thong suddenly moisten as I imagined being there with the girl, touching her while she lay there so exposed. ‘All done,’ Kerry said, and I quickly pulled down my skirt. I drove home recklessly, my thong sodden and my clit desperate for some attention. As soon as I got inside I hitched up my skirt and pulled my thong aside so I could slide my fingers inside my swollen wetness. As I touched myself I imagined my fingers were hers, and seconds later I was coming hard, leaning against my door to stop myself falling down. Six weeks later and I was back at the beauticians. For six weeks I’d been thinking of her lying in bed at night as my fingers swiftly crept up my thighs to tease myself through my sodden panties, unable to last long before I impatiently slid my hand inside them, inside slick lips to rub my clit hard and fast. For six weeks I’d been thinking of her as I showered in the morning, soaping up my breasts as my nipples hardened as I imagined her watching, then unable to stop myself as my hands travelled down my body, one hand holding swollen lips apart as the other slid inside me, then back to circle my clit until I came hard. I suppose in that time my thoughts should have led me to question my sexuality, but they didn’t; as far as I was concerned I was attracted to someone and it didn’t matter what gender they were. The only difference was I didn’t know where to find her. In my small town if you saw a man you liked they were often far too easy to find, just hang out at the local bars and clubs and before long crossing paths seemed to be inevitable. But she wasn’t at any of the bars or clubs (believe me, I looked), and I was too naïve to know where the nearest gay bars were. So for six weeks I fantasized, hoping, that although it was unlikely, I would see her again at the beauticians; that maybe as her last appointment fell on the same day as mine that maybe this one would too. Maybe as she’d had the same time as me last time, she would again, that maybe that was the only time that was convenient to her, for some unknown reason. Maybe I was delusional; I like to think of it as optimistic. So I was gutted when the reception area was empty. Quickly I checked in, picking up a magazine purely so I could hide my face while I ran over fantasies of what might have been. ‘Jodie, if you’d like to come through?’ I didn’t recognize that voice, I thought as I put my magazine down. And there she was. Sure, she looked different in her white outfit, didn’t look as cool and unapproachable as last time. Still looked as sexy. I licked my lips nervously; what was going on here? ‘Sorry, didn’t anyone tell you?’ I shook my head wordlessly. ‘Kerry’s sick. I’m Becca, I’m new here, but I am experienced, so I was hoping you wouldn’t mind me doing your wax today?’ I shook my head again. I followed her through to the back room, she doesn’t make small talk and I don’t even try. The room looked the same, but looked so different. All I could think of was that she’d see me half-naked. And if that didn’t worry me enough, then I thought, she’s going to touch me. I could feel myself getting wet, and knew that, even if Kerry might not have noticed it last time, Becca would. I was so much wetter, and knew that she’d be able to smell the scent of my arousal as soon she started. ‘You know the drill,’ she said, gesturing at the bed. I didn’t say a word, just climbed up and pulled up my skirt as she prepared the wax. ‘So, any particular style? Brazilian? Hollywood?’ ‘What’s that?’ I’d heard of a Brazilian, but not a Hollywood. ‘It’s when it all comes off.’ I was glad she had her back to me as I blushed madly at the thought. No way was that going to happen, I wasn’t worried about the pain, but there was no way I was losing my thong in front of her, no matter how small it was. ‘Just a normal bikini wax,’ I stammered, worried I sounded boring, but too afraid to say anything more. She turned around at last, smiling. ‘That’s fine.’ I couldn’t make eye contact as she touched my thighs, pulled them further apart to position them ready for the wax. As she began the waxing I fixed my eyes firmly on the ceiling, unable to hardly breathe, let alone make small talk. All I could think about was that she was touching me, my thighs and then higher. I shut my eyes, worried that she might look my way and see exactly what I was thinking, what I was thinking about her. That I was thinking about this situation being so different, that I was imagining her bent over me in a totally different scenario, together alone in my room and about to go down on me. I didn’t feel any pain. I felt myself getting wetter as I imagined her tongue on my skin, getting more turned on every time I felt her bend closer over me. I didn’t know how I’d fuck her, couldn’t get my head around the physical possibilities – but still knew I wanted to. As she pulled off the last strip I knew my thong was soaking wet. ‘All done, you okay?’ she asked, and I finally opened my eyes, finally dared to make eye contact. Her eyes were the most brilliant green. She licked her lips slowly and my mouth went dry. I licked my lips. The air between us seemed to crackle with electricity. All I wanted was to reach out and touch her. But I couldn’t. ‘Fine,’ I eventually managed to stammer. Becca smiled broadly. ‘Hold on.’ She turned back to her table to grab something. She returned with aloe vera lotion. Kerry, my usual beautician, usually put it on after each wax, but she puts it on methodically, quickly, clinically. This was different. For a start Becca squirted way too much lotion on her hands. As she put it on I gasped; Kerry warmed it up first, but that was way too cold. But it still felt good. Her hands rubbed it in slowly, around the top of my thighs and bikini line, slowly caressed my skin. My legs were already wide apart, but I couldn’t help widening them further. I could smell my arousal in the air, knew that Becca must be able to smell my musky scent as I felt myself getting wetter, but started to sit up. ‘That’s fine,’ I told her, reaching to pull my skirt down, amazingly aroused yet horribly embarrassed at the same time. She pushed my skirt back. ‘Hold on, it’s not rubbed in yet.’ Her hands went back to my thighs, went back to massaging in the lotion, getting closer and closer to my thong. As one hand caught the edge of my thong I moaned in response. ‘Sorry, did I hurt you?’ She stopped. I could have said yes, could have stopped it there, but I didn’t. ‘No.’ ‘Good.’ She smiled at me again, and continued to touch me. This time I said nothing as her hand touched my thong, bit my lip to stop myself from crying out. Then her hand slipped beneath my thong. Becca started breathing quicker as her fingers slid between my slick lips, finding my swollen clit quickly. ‘Becca,’ I said, but she ignored me, carried on touching me. Her fingers slid against my clit, rubbed me softly, and I couldn’t help but moan aloud, couldn’t help but lift my hips, couldn’t help but want her to make me cum. Then she rubbed my clit harder and faster, and I knew I was going to cum soon. ‘Becca,’ I moaned again, and then her eyes met mine. ‘Yes,’ she said, still touching me, watching me as my face flushed, and I could feel my arousal grow. She licked her lips again, and it was all over. I came hard, bucking against her hand, moaning loudly. Afterwards I watched as she turned away to wash her hands, and straightened myself up as if nothing had happened. I followed her to the reception desk mutely and paid as normal. She followed me to the door, and I thought, now she’ll say something. Surely she wasn’t like that with every client? Instead she passed me a business card. ‘I do home visits too, if that’s easier.’ Becca reached over to brush my hair away from my face and although she’d washed her hands, I could still smell myself upon her. ‘Okay,’ I said, putting the card in my bag. Two weeks later I phoned her. ‘I’d like an appointment please.’ ‘Wasn’t the last wax up to your satisfaction?’ she asked, laughter in her voice. ‘More than,’ I stammered, unable to get my words out now, thinking maybe this was a bad idea, maybe I shouldn’t do this. ‘So?’ she asked again. ‘I’d like another appointment.’ This time instead of my usual skirt I was wearing jeans. As she followed me upstairs to my room I was wet even before she put a caressing hand on my arse. ‘So…’ I started, certain my nerve would fail. ‘So?’ she asked, putting her hands on my waist. ‘I was thinking of a Hollywood…’ I slipped off my panties. 