I have a thing about oral sex. I like giving it, love the salty tang of a man’s cock on my tongue, love slurping it up like ice cream until he’s grabbing my head and moaning my name. I love the loss of control it inspires, the vulnerability of a man placing his precious cock so close to my sharp teeth, love inhaling that scent of lust that comes from burying your face in a man’s crotch. Hell, I even like to swallow. But the other way round and I’m a little more reluctant. The idea of having a man’s head between my legs, his soft mouth on my hard clit, his tongue lapping at my centre drives me wild. But in reality it doesn’t work like that. I worry. I worry about the size of my thighs, about the smell of my cunt, about the taste of my arousal. About whether he’s really enjoying himself, or if he’s lying there with a mental stop watch thinking that’s enough time, I can fuck her now. And before he knows it instead of pulling his head closer I’m pushing him away. Usually guys are okay with that, I can come easily enough through sex, and I guess they think it’s the destination not the journey that gets you there that counts. And though occasionally I met a guy who was determined to make me change my mind, none of them even came close. But then I met Josh. “I want to make you a Cherry Baby,” he tells me, ferreting around in the pantry before coming out with a selection of bottles. I smile, looking at the clock. “Isn’t it a little too early in the day for cocktails?” He nips at my ear as he walks past me and places the bottles on the work surface. “It’s never too early for cocktails.” I laugh, it’s not often we have a day off together, and though I know we should be doing housework, or laundry, or mowing the lawn, or any of those hundreds of other jobs, I’m bewitched by this playful mood he’s in. “Besides,” he tells me, pouring various drinks into a cocktail shaker. “A Cherry Baby is so much more than just a cocktail.” I’m puzzled now, but say nothing as he shakes the mixture, pouring it into a tall glass full of ice cubes and presenting it to me with a flourish. “What do you mean?” I ask, but he’s says nothing, waiting for me to taste it. I sip it tentatively. “Wow, that’s got a kick!” I gasp, I love the cherry flavour but it’s so strong I put it down, knowing if I drink it too fast it will go straight to my head. “Nope,” he tells me, picking it up and placing it back in my hand. “You have to drink it all down to see what comes next.” His words are light but his eyes are dark with lust and I desperately want to see what comes next. I drain the glass. I lean forward to brush my lips against his, and he licks my lips. “Tastes good, doesn’t it? I ask. “You taste good,” he tells me, turning back to his make-shift bar. Quickly he rustles up another cocktail, and fills my glass once more. “I don’t think I need any more,” I tell him, the alcohol already relaxing my body. “You might do later,” he tells me, and taking my hand to lead me back into the dining room, he places it on the nearby window ledge. He kisses me hard, his tongue in my mouth and his hands on my waist, pulling me close so I can feel his cock hardening against me. So far I’m enjoying this cocktail. He moves me backwards, still kissing me, so that the edge of the dining table is against my arse. Then he quickly lifts me on to the table. It’s such a masculine move, to lift me so effortlessly, I’m impressed and turned on. And also surprised. Although he’s not boring in bed, he’s never wanted to start anything out of bed before. And now this definitely looks like he’s starting something. My cunt is wet with excitement as he lays me back on the table and begins unbuttoning my shirt. “What about the curtains?” I ask, the window is right next to us and though it’s rare for anybody to appear at our back door without an invitation, it could still happen. He ignores me as he finishes opening my blouse, exposing my bra, showing the clearly erect nipples beneath the thin lace. It’s no use even pretending that I’m not enjoying this with my body betraying me so blatantly. Then he moves down to the bottom of the table and moves my legs so I’m lying with my knees up and legs apart. He pulls up my skirt, leaving the material bunched around my waist, and goes to pull down my panties. I try to sit up, try to reach for his hands, try to tell him to stop. Having the neighbours catch me with my bra on display is nothing, having them pop round and seem my exposed vulva is different. “No,” he tells me, holding my hands tight. He moves back around the table and moves my left hand to grip the left side, and my right hand to grip the right side. “You have to keep your hands there if you want to learn how to make a Cherry Baby.” I want to tell him no, to say we should move this upstairs, but instead I grip the table. He’s never shown any signs of dominance before but now as he’s telling me what to do I’m so turned on my breathing is getting harder before he’s even touched me. I have a feeling gripping on to the table’s a good idea, that I’m going to need a tight grip before long. He taps my bottom and I lift it for him without a word, letting him slowly inch down my panties, letting out a little moan as I feel some of my wetness come off them and rub against my thighs. I can’t believe I’m so exposed, and it feels even more erotic that my skirt and blouse are still on when my cunt is so on display. I can feel myself getting slick and swollen, and wonder if he can see, before realising with the sunlight streaming in and the position I’m in, of course he can see. And he likes it. “God, you’re turned on,” Josh says, lowering his head as if to inhale the scent of me. For a moment I stiffen, sure he’s going to try and lick me, but he quickly moves away. Instead he reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a bottle I hadn’t noticed earlier. “This is step two in how to make a Cherry Baby,” he tells me, and I see what it is. Cherry flavoured lubricant. He moves around the table once more as he begins pouring it across my neck, my shoulders, and my breasts. I don’t know where he’s been storing it, but it’s cold, and I gasp as it touches my skin, as it drips on my nipples and they instantly pucker up. Then his hot mouth is warming me as he slowly begins to lick it off. He starts at my neck and my collarbone, one of my most sensitive spots, and I shiver as his tongue touches me, sighing loudly. His tongue delves further down, licking my stomach and inside my belly button where the lube has pooled, and I begin to moan. Then his mouth moves up to my breasts and even though I’m still wearing my bra, I can feel the liquid through the flimsy material and can feel his tongue licking me clean. Even through the bra I feel his tongue swirl around my nipples, and as his teeth begin to graze at my tender flesh I grip the table hard. My breasts feel more sensitive in my damp bra than they do when naked, and I know my juices are flowing out of me as quickly as the moans that keep escaping my mouth. My nipples feel connected to my clit, and as he continues licking at them I can feel the cool air around my bare arse, my bare vulva, my clit so eager for attention. I can feel the glass of the table cool against my ass, and wonder if when I move I’ll leave a slick trail of my arousal. I certainly feel wet enough. “You like that?” he asks, as if there could be any doubt. I can only nod dumbly, my voice far too shaky to form words. “Then we’ll move on to step three.” He vanishes briefly into the kitchen, and though I’m still blatantly exposed and now covered in sticky cherry lube, I can’t move, wanting to see what comes next. He comes back in carrying a punnet of cherries. “I love cherries,” he tells me as he moves to the bottom of the table. “But you have to be really careful if there’s still stones in.” He holds one between his finger and thumb, rolling it around as if testing it. I want him touching something else. “You have to nibble at it really soft and slow to get to all that juicy flesh,” he tells me, and I wonder where he’s going with this. I don’t have to wonder for long. He moves a chair to the edge of the table at sits at it, so he is looking directly at my cunt. He reaches forward and carefully places the cherry between my swollen lips. “Oh,” I gasp, both shocked and excited. He reaches for another. Now as he places it between my lips he rubs it softly against my clit first. “Oh God,” I exclaim. I can’t believe what’s happening as he reaches for another, rubbing it harder against my clit, then another, and another. I now have my inner lips pushed rudely apart, full of cherries, and all I can think of how fucking horny this is. “But what I really like is when cherries are really juicy,” he tells me, pouring lube over my already slick cunt, making me gasp and making my cunt tighten as if trying to hold all those lovely cherries in place. “Now,” Josh tells me, as he moves closer to me, “I know you don’t like oral, so I promise I won’t lick you unless you ask me.” And then he starts eating the cherries. At first he licks them, and though his tongue isn’t touching me, the sensation of those slick cherries rolling around against me are driving me wild, and I’m gripping the table so tight my knuckles ache. Every time one moves against my clit I cry out, and it just makes Josh lick at them harder. Then he begins nibbling at their flesh. I can feel his mouth getting closer to my flesh, feel the cherry juice bursting against my sensitive skin, can feel the roughness of the stones starting to show through. I can’t believe I’m letting him do this. My hands are gripping the table so hard I’m sure I’m going to break it, my breath is coming too hard and too fast and my knees are shaking hard, but I still can’t stop. I can’t believe that I’ve let him put me on this table and expose me so completely (the drink was strong, but not that strong!), that the curtains are open and I’m seminaked when anyone could turn up, that I’ve let him conquer my inhibitions so completely with some lube and some fruit. I can’t believe the sensations that are flooding through my body, how my skin feels so hot and tight, my nipples so hard, and my cunt as if it’s about to explode, ready to shoot out those cherry stones like fireworks. And I can’t believe what I’m about to say. “Please lick me,” I ask him. He moves his hands to pull my lips apart even further and I feel the cherries slowly roll out of me. Then he licks me. And it’s enough. His tongue touches my clit and it’s like I’m melting. I grab his head. He licks my clit and I implode, my orgasm shaking me hard I’m gasping and shuddering and holding on to the table for dear life as rivers of heat flow through me and waves of pleasure engulf me. I’m all lazy pleasure and easy malleability as my knees finally lower and he grabs my hips to pull me closer to the edge of the table. “I’m not going to last long,” he tells me as he quickly sheathes his cock in latex and thrusts inside me. “That’s not a problem,” I tell him as his thumb softly circles my clit. I’m so spent I can barely move as he pumps inside me, but he doesn’t complain as he grabs my hips once more to thrust into me more deeply. His thumb moves more quickly, and though I wouldn’t have thought it possible, I can feel another orgasm approaching. This time when I come hard, he is with me, and as he judders inside me he calls my name as I call his. I see stars and smell cherries. “And this is step four,” he says when we’ve finally recovered, beginning to untangle limbs and pull apart our sticky bodies. “There’s a step four?” I ask, amazed; how could there be a step four? He passes me a flimsy parcel wrapped in black tissue paper. “I know how shy you are about … this, so I thought these might help.” I open the parcel. Inside are some gorgeous frilly white panties, decorated with bright red cherries. “I thought that maybe if you were too shy to ask, then you could just wear these, and I’d know exactly what you wanted.” I kissed him hard, not caring that he tasted of me. I love the panties. And that’s how I finally got over my aversion to receiving oral sex. And that’s how you make a Cherry Baby. 