The long low Jaguar cruised through the park like a slinking animal stalking its prey, pausing for a moment while the voluptuously sensual woman inside shifted gears, then the car soared effortlessly up the winding road ahead. At that moment, Sally Baxter, the honey-haired blonde behind the wheel, was hardly aware of the battered black Plymouth following several hundred yards behind. Other things were whirling through her mind ... other more important things ... like handsome young boys! She knew she would find them here ... she had to find them! It was getting urgent now. Her head was pounding, her throat was dry as sandpaper and a strange nervous trembling had seized her entire curvaceous body so that her hands shook noticeably as she held the steering wheel. A light sweat began to break out on her forehead as, almost unconsciously, she reached for the top Ions d w do saver by undid them one by one. Casually, the flimsy see-through material fell away from the ripely swelling cleavage of her young breasts until just a hint of the rich white mounds protruded from her brassiere. Slowing the flashy sports car to a prowl, Sally hungrily scanned the fields along the side of the road ... God, nothing yet! Where were they all hiding, those young innocent boys that she needed so badly? Didn't they know she wasn't going to hurt them? Didn't they understand that she needed them ... needed them to watch her as she spread her legs apart and salaciously ran her fingers over the soft silkiness of her white bikini panties? If only she could control herself ... but she had been possessed by the lewd urge to expose her panties ever since the age of thirteen ... ever since the obscene day when her uncle had come into her bedroom and locked the door behind him. God, she could remember every second of the depraved experience now ... the twisted lust-contorted expression on his face, the filthy things he had said to her ... even the way he had moved menacingly toward her as she backed off toward the wall step by step. Her mind's eye blurred in confusion as it focused on a tangle of arms and legs, as it watched herself as a young helpless girl being thrown on the bed, her clothes violently ripped away from her until she was left with nothing but her little white panties, struggling to hold them on while her passion-crazed uncle fought to tear them away. Even now the memory of the wicked event was making her head throb like a jackhammer. And then, miraculously out of the corner of the eye she sighted what she had been looking for all along! There at the side of the road only a hundred feet away stood a whole enticing group of teenage boys gathered around a picnic table ... handsome innocent young boys who sent electrical thrills pulsing through her grown womanly body. No, Sally, no, a tiny inner voice warned her. Don't do it here, there are too many of them. They'll tell someone, you'll be discovered. Wait, wait, the voice cautioned, though her loins were already burning with a forbidden passion that could only be satisfied by the lewd act. The obscene temptation was unbearable. Those young boys were gaping wildly at her now, they had seen the suggestive way she had undone her blouse. God, they were so youthful, so responsive. They were whistling at her. Her warmly pulsing pussy was beginning to throb and ache all over as the first tiny droplets of excited moisture seeped into the close clinging crotch-band of her skimpy panties. The tiny voice inside her mind began to scream and shriek at her, until in response she jammed down on the accelerator, lurching the car powerfully up the road ahead only to leave the young boys dangling behind in their lewd daydreams. At that very moment the stocky man in the black Plymouth stepped down hard on his own accelerator, inadvertantly jostling the expensive movie camera laying on the front seat. Catching it out of the corner of his eye, he winced painfully. Hell, Nestor, he chided Self, you can't take chances with an expensive piece of equipment like that, not when it's going to get you all the evidence you need on that sexy Baxter dame. Picking up speed the Jaguar powered around a sharp bend. Every second now Sally was becoming more passionately desperate. God, if she could only find some young boys in a quiet secluded place. Only then, when she had acted out her licentious fantasy in front of them, would she be cured of the terrible headache and nervous trembling that afflicted her. Row after row of dark pine trees whizzed by on either side of the road until a grassy clearing opened up. Sally slammed on the brake as she suddenly caught sight of two young boys playing a harmless game of catch. God ... at last, she breathed in relief, pulling the car hurriedly over to the side of the road. From the distance the two handsome youngsters looked to be fifteen or sixteen. The oldest boy, who had removed his tee-shirt, was taller than his stocky friend, and Sally could see his youthfully well-formed muscles straining sensually as he leaped up in the air with his glove for an overthrown ball. Already the lascivious excitement of wild anticipation was crawling like a furry caterpillar all over her passion-starved body. This was the perfect place. No one in the world would ever discover her here! But as this reassuring thought flashed through her mind, the black Plymouth rounded the last bend before the hollow. Completely oblivious to the man who was shadowing her, Sally's eagerly aroused body began to shiver with tingling excitement. She slid out from behind the driver's seat, slammed the door shut and set out to pick her way carefully through the uncut grass toward the bowl-shaped hollow below where she had sighted the young boys. About a hundred yards away she noticed a tall shade tree that would make a perfect shelter from the curious eyes of anyone else who might happen to wander by. It was as though fate had guided her to this place, as though she were being inexorably drawn to the innocent teenagers by some hypnotic magnet ... Goddamn! Finally! It's about time, Nestor Burns thought to himself. The Baxter dame he'd been following for a week was about to make her move. Approaching cautiously, Burns brought his Plymouth to a halt beside the now-deserted Jaguar. With the engine still revving in neutral, he hopped out, clicked the door shut and scanned the area in front of him. The blonde had vanished ... at least that was his first thought, but then, shading his eyes, he caught sight of her provocatively moving form. Sure enough, she was heading right toward those two young kids! It all made sense now ... the way she had slowed down in front of those other teenagers gathered around the picnic table ... the way she had been impatiently cruising around the park all day. Damn, he should have known it all along. She was going to throw a trick to those kids. She was hot stuff all right, and her husband was going to be very interested in how she spent her afternoons. Ten to one, he'd be willing to pay plenty for some juicy little home movies. Burns surveyed the situation and decided the best shots would come from the other side of the hollow, where he could hide himself among a grove of pines. But there was no time to waste, hurriedly, he dashed back to his car, parked it out of sight in front of the Jaguar and, with his camera in hand, began to wind his way through the woods. At that moment the two young boys, Tom Wilson and Jimmy Crowder, were completely unaware of the two figures approaching them from different angles ... and that was just as well, Sally Baxter thought to herself, because she could see their exciting teenage bodies perfectly. She could see their sweat-glistening muscles as they leaped and ran like beautiful male animals for the baseball. Reaching the tall umbrella-like shade tree, Sally impatiently cleared the grass beneath her of twigs and small stones, sat down and rested her back against the tree's thick, comfortable trunk. Her sensually excited body was so tense now she thought it was going to burst open. The sight of the young boys was sending lewd shivers of trembling pleasure up and down her spine. God, they were so young they couldn't possibly realize how much they had excited her. They would never realize it either because she was going to satisfy the aching pangs of lust searing inside her as quickly as possible. She was going to use these innocent teenagers as she had secretly done so many times in the past. She was going to cure her headache and this was the only way ... Sally kicked off her high-heeled shoes and spread her long slender legs apart against the smooth cool blanket of green grass. Her short blue skirt wrinkled up high on the milk-white fullness of her nakedly exposed thighs until she could feel the light Spring breeze rush in up between her widespread thighs and brush the silken warmth of her panties. Slowly, tenderly, as her eyes fixed on the young boys below, her fingers began to lovingly caress the insides of her parted legs, gliding up and down along the soft sensitive skin like rippling little waves ... Nestor Burns by now was beginning to curse himself for the predicaments his job always got him into for as he worked his way toward the pine grove, pine needles were piercing into his suit coat, boughs of trees were whipping back at him, stones and rocks were scuffing his shoes ... Hell, but at least I'm gonna get some good shots of this crazy dame when she makes her play for those kids, he consoled himself. When he had finally maneuvered directly opposite the big tree where the Baxter woman had taken refuge, he crouched down low beneath a bushy pine and aimed his camera. For several minutes he waited ... and then at long last things began to happen. Jimmy, a chubby kid, had just overthrown the baseball in Sally's direction, and his friend was chasing after it. Sally's pulse began hammering again as she watched the tall bare-chested blond boy running up the hillside in her direction to retrieve the ball. Her yearning nipples sprang out hard against her restraining brassiere as chills of obscene excitement rippled upward from her wetly throbbing vagina. Any minute now this young boy was going to stop dead in his tracks and take notice of her. God, how desperately she wanted him to gape and see what she was doing up between her wide-splayed legs. How badly she wanted him to stare at the scanty strip of her sheer white panties running thinly up between her thighs---covering her secret flesh ... protecting it, keeping it safe from harm and the vile hands of vile men. The moment she had been waiting for arrived at last ... the blond boy, Tom Wilson, had just stopped to scoop up the baseball when the strange sight suddenly hit him. He blinked his eyes incredulously. God, he could even see her beautiful panties nestling up between her fully parted thighs. And Jesus, he could hardly believe what she was doing to herself! Her hands had glided up to her ripely matured breasts, cupping and kneading them, squeezing the soft-looking mounds against each other. It looked as though any second they were going to spring loose from her white lacy brassiere and lewdly pop out from her half-undone blouse. Tom's body froze. "Holy Crap!" he swore. What the hell was going on? In the meantime, Jimmy was getting impatient. "You gonna play boll or not?" he whined from down below, but still Tom didn't budge, his innocent young eyes fixed like rivets on the beautiful older woman licentiously fondling her breasts. "Hey, come on, will ya?" Jimmy called again until finally in exasperation he threw his glove on the ground and headed up toward his friend. As the chubby youth came within earshot, Tom spun quickly around and put his finger on his mouth in a shushing gesture. "Get down quick," he whispered. "What the---" Obediently, the chubby boy sank to his knees a couple of feet behind Tom. God, they had seen her now, Sally thought, as she blinked her eyes open momentarily. Rapidly her heart began to pound. She had obscenely trapped them, and now she was going to give them the thrill of their youthful lives. She was going to tease them until their young little cocks excitedly swelled to the bursting point inside their pants. Slowly, sensually, Sally Baxter's fingers descended from her breasts to the remaining three buttons of her blouse. She toyed with them tantalizingly for a long moment. "Holy crap!" Jimmy gasped excitedly. "She's, she's---" "Jesus, she's takin' her blouse off," Tom whispered in awe, watching her slowly pull it from her skirt. But the two pairs of youthful eyes were not the only ones focused on the salacious spectacle, for now every movement in the little grassy hollow was being recorded on film. The movie camera whirred silently as Nestor Burns held it steadily in front of him in his prone position on the ground. Hell, this was real dynamite! He had merely expected the Baxter dame to lure those kids off somewhere in her car, but now she was going to do a regular strip act in broad daylight. Nestor could hardly believe his eyes when he saw the voluptuous blonde's hands slowly sliding up behind her back. Jesus, she was going to take her brassiere off! At the same time Nestor Burns was peering through the viewfinder of his camera, the two young boys were holding their breath in amazement. Sally's curvaceous body wriggled, and she undid the tiny snaps, sliding down the shoulder straps to suddenly reveal the lusciously swelling flesh of her naked white breasts. "Jesus!" Tom exclaimed excitedly, his eager young cock swelling up like a small hardened spear inside his pants. "Man, would you look at those tits!" the chubby boy croaked. Sally reveled in the wickedly naked exposure of her breasts as she heard the excited little whisperings float up the hill. Out of the corner of her eye she glimpsed at the two youths crouching in the grass below, their eyes heatedly fixed on her every move. Thank God, she thought, her headache was beginning to disappear, and soon it would be all gone. Warm droplets of lust-secretions began to seep into the already passion-soaked silk of her panties, a signal that any minute she would soon be released from the nervous horror that had seized her. To build her trembling body toward the point of climax, she cupped the softly quivering mounds of her breasts with the palms of her hands and began to knead and squeeze them again, her thumbs teasing at the tiny bud-like nipples, tracing tiny aching circles around them. Not in their wildest dreams had the two boys ever conjured a scene lice this ... a strange, beautiful woman stripping and sensuously fondling herself right before their eyes! "God, she's rubbin' 'em, she's rubbin' her tits," Jimmy hissed. "Shut up, she'll hear us." "Look at her now. Crap, she's spreadin' her legs apart." Tremors of rapidly building lust sped through Sally's trembling body as the clandestine whispers grew louder and louder. In response, she lifted her knees up toward her nakedly exposed breasts, her daring short skirt riding up over her flaring hips to expose the glimmering whiteness of her little panties. "Man, I don't know about you, but I'm gonna crawl further up and get a good look," Tom said. "I'm right behind ya," Jimmy whispered, as his friend began to slide through the grass on his belly. But even as they crawled stealthily toward her, the exhibitionistic young wife could follow their every move. God, this is what she had wanted all along, to tease and thrill these little boys with the salacious sight of her nylon panties until they could stand it no more, to make them pay for what her uncle had done to her so long ago. Each second they drew closer, her brazenly exposed body pounded and throbbed even more with lewd excitement. Hypnotically, her hands slid up between the sensual whiteness of her inner thighs, and slowly, carefully, she began to caress the tingling flesh of her naked legs, her fingers moving up and down against the warmth of her wide-splayed legs like soft tickling feathers. Inch by inch they slithered up toward the glimmering whiteness of her panties, toward the little golden strands of pubic hair that curled invitingly out from the elastic crotch-band which held them captive. The lust-moisture from her throbbing young cunt began to seep faster and faster into the tightly clinging web of silk until she could actually feel a thin stream running down her vaginal furrow and into her quivering anal crevice. By now the young boys had reached the natural protection of a rock outcropping only twenty feet away from the sensually reclining woman. Their virilely hardened cocks pounded inside their pants as they stared in lewd amazement at the crazy things the half-naked young woman was doing to herself. Suddenly they heard a low moan of lascivious excitement break from her lust-contorted lips as her hand dropped to her vaginal mound. "She's ... she's gonna beat her meat!" Jimmy gasped. "Jesus ... I can't believe it!" The whole scene was like something out of an obscene wet dream ... the lushly ripened older woman spread-eagled on the grass, her full naked breasts rising from her panting chest, her long shapely legs bent up toward her chest and spread wide, wide apart. Their mouths hung agape as they took it all in, as they watched her hand begin to circle lightly around the soft-looking mound of her panty-covered cunt. Sally's fingers caressed the soft sicken garment lightly, and she felt surge after surge of forbidden excitement shoot through her like sudden jolts of electricity as images of the blonde bare-chested boy whirled crazily around in her passion-crazed mind. God, how desperately she had wanted to do this ... Her hips began a series of slow up and down undulations in an even hypnotic rhythm as the stroking fingers of her hand danced over the rapidly moistening silken crotch-band of her panties. Tom Wilson could barely keep his painfully throbbing cock inside his pants as he peered over the rocks at the incredible sight. Jim, crouched by his side, breathed hotly against his neck. Suddenly the blonde woman's fingers slipped beneath the resilient elastic crotch-band and pulled it aside, revealing the blonde, hair-covered mound of her wetly glistening pussy. "Jeeesus," Jimmy breathed. "Just look at that cunt!" ... Meanwhile the movie camera hidden in the distant pines whirred on and on recording every second of the woman's progress toward orgasm. Nestor Burns could hardly believe what he was seeing through the lens. In fact, it was so incredible he was going to get an even closer look no matter what the risk. With the camera still rolling, he crawled forward from under his camouflage, slithering quietly inch by inch into the field the young thrill-seeking kids had just vacated. As he snaked forward the writhing figure of the hot little blonde came into better and better focus. He could even see the extended middle finger of her left hand poised above the nakedly exposed slit of her pussy ... Slowly, carefully, her finger descended toward the wetly glistening little cuntal opening. Her eagerly trembling body was motionless until her finger tip made a sudden delicious contact with her hotly pulsating cuntal furrow. For a long second she quivered like a bow-string, then she could stand it no longer! Slowly she pushed inward into the warm wet flesh of her vaginal lips. "Aaaaaagh," she gasped in sudden relief "Jesus!" the tall blond boy whispered. His youthful cock was rock-hard and pounding inside his pants and a light sweat broke out on his forehead. God, even though he could see it, he still did not believe it! She was going to finger-fuck herself in broad daylight! He watched excitedly as her gyrating hips ground up and down like a machine against her outstretched finger, causing the bulging mound of her pussy to look like it was going to swallow her whole hand ... Tiny tingling sensations streamed through Sally's shamelessly aroused body as her fingers groped for her passion-dampened cuntal slit. Jerking the tight elastic leg-band of her bikini panties farther aside with one hand, she slid the relentlessly probing extended middle finger of her other hand even deeper up into the tight wetness of her splayed out cuntal slit. She used her other fingers to part the soft wet curls of sparse pubic hair framing the small pink opening. A low moan breaking from her lust-contorted lips, she thrust her extended middle finger all the way up to the hilt into the slippery warmth. "Goddamn! Oh, God ... damn!" Jimmy panted, barely able to control himself. The young wife's eyes remained clenched tightly shut as her extended middle finger began slowly fucking in and out of her hotly absorbing cunt. But still her ears were open and she reveled in the excited whispers of the aroused young boys. The very thought of them watching while she fingered herself drove her into a wild state of narcissistic lust. Her trembling legs suddenly kicked out, her heels digging fiercely into the grass beneath, as though to brace herself. Jimmy's eyes bulged out like watermelons from his chubby face, his stiffened young penis jerking wildly inside his pants. God, how he wanted to jump on top of her and cum all over her silky white panties! His hands were sweating profusely with crazy excitement. God, it was like something out of the dirty picture books they passed around in school ... Sally could feel the fires of lust hotly scorching her passion-inflamed body now. Her full red lips bared back over her teeth and her hips undulated almost violently as she arched up her back so that her hotly palpitating pussy lips could devour even more of her extended middle finger. Any minute she was going to cum! She could feel every tautly tensing muscle in her contorting body straining toward the nerve-shattering climax that would finally release her from the lewd racing tension. With her free hand she grasped the silken crotch-band of her lust-drenched panties, caressing and squeezing it as the extended middle Anger of her other hand sawed wantonly in and out of her tight little cunt. Her voluptuously swaying breasts rose and fell as heavy gasps and moans gunned from her lips. Her head began to thrash from side to side, the long golden locks of her flailing hair from shoulder to shoulder. The veins in her neck stood out like velvet-covered steel tendons as her convulsing body strained and writhed insanely. As she gasped and moaned in wild feverish abandon, the hand between her legs harshly twisted and turned, her bobbing fingers sucking and sluicing against the thick warm fluid up inside her cunt. God, if only she could reach her fist all the way up inside her quaking belly! While her hips lewdly bobbed and jerked and her flexing buttocks slapped against the grass beneath, she inserted a second extended finger deep up into her hungrily grasping vagina. The two stiffly probing fingers went deep, deep up into her pulsing young cunt and she could feel the extra width bringing her double pleasure. Gasping and moaning desperately, she twisted and writhed on the ground. Oh God, she could feel her orgasm coming ... How she could feel it!! Nestor Burns, who had returned to his camera, carefully adjusted the zoom lens to home in on the salacious spectacle on the other side. God, that Baxter bitch was a hot piece of ass, he swore to himself. As though to confirm the detective's thoughts, a long frenzied moan of sheer ecstasy rumbled from Sally's straining throat as her whole twisting body worked toward orgasm. Suddenly her legs twitched up and out, kicking spasmodically. Her pelvis jerked lewdly upward as her feet thudded hard to the ground again. Then, in a split second, like lava suddenly released from a long-dormant volcano, hot thick streams of cum emptied from her loins. Her cum spurted over her deeply thrusting fingers and into the shimmering nylon of her tiny white panties. Her whole lewdly aroused body twitched and thrashed in uncontrollable convulsions as deep agonized groans of obscene abandon poured from her lips. The hotly raging cum spewed over her flexing thighs in a seemingly never-ending wave of ecstatic fulfillment. "Holy shit," Jimmy groaned from behind the rocks, as he watched incredulously while the young blonde woman jerked and twitched in a lewd dance of desire. Her eyes tightly shut, her mouth gaping, Sally's hands fell wearily to her side and the tight elastic leg-band of her panties snapped back over her cum-matted pubic hairs, covering her moistly quivering cuntal slit. God, I've done it! she gasped in relief, her nakedly trembling breasts rising and falling in rhythm with her heavy breathing. She had finger-fucked herself in front of these young unsuspecting boys, and now her intensely throbbing headache was beginning to disappear. Her nervous trembling had vanished. She sighed an ecstatic sigh of comfort as her satiated body receded into perfect stillness. Now she was free and no one would ever know. "Let's get outa here," Tom whispered suddenly. "J-Jeesus," Jimmy muttered, his bulging eyes still riveted on the salacious spectacle he had witnessed. He felt a sudden tug on his shirt. "Come on, Jimmy," Tom insisted. "Let's go before we get into trouble." The bare-chested blond boy suddenly bolted from behind the rock and scurried down into the hollow below with his friend in hot pursuit ... Nestor Burns did not bother to get out of the way when he saw the two teenagers charging toward him. Instead, his mind was on that hot little Baxter bitch. God, if he weren't on the job, he would have jumped right on top of her and shoved his eagerly pulsating cock deep up inside that tight little pussy of hers. "Oh, God! Look ..." Tom gasped in shock as he saw the camera, and stopped dead in his tracks. The chubby boy nearly slammed into him but checked himself. "Holy shit---" Jimmy whispered. "That guy down there's been watching us." "Yeah, and he's got a camera, too." "Come on, let's get outa here," Jimmy whispered, and without wasting a second the two young boys charged across the field into the pine grove Nestor Burns chuckled to himself. Hell, the husband of that Baxter broad would be willing to pay plenty for the films he had taken. He was still chuckling later that afternoon when he returned to his small two-room apartment. One quick call to Rod Baxter at his law office was going to bring plenty of money, he told himself. Baxter had hired him two weeks ago on the suspicion that his wife was having an affair with somebody or other; but hell, it was some affair all right ... the Baxter dame was out finger-fucking herself in front of young kids while Baxter was working away inside his office.. Burns smiled broadly and tossed his hat on the small creaky bed as he picked up the telephone receiver. He had just dialed the third digit to Baxter's office when an idea suddenly struck him ... a very interesting and profitable idea. Don't be stupid, Nestor told himself. Sure, you'll be able to jack up your price with this Baxter guy, but just think how much you'll be able to get from his wife! Pleased with himself, the detective tilted his head back and roared with laughter. Why hadn't he thought of it before? Hell, all he had to do was show Mrs. Baxter what he had and he was set for life. God knows, he needed the money. In the last month he'd lost over a thousand dollars playing poker. Now was his chance to win it all back ... the easy way. "Where are you going now honey?" Rod Baxter asked his wife on Saturday morning, taking a sip of coffee as he waited for her to answer. "How did you know I was going out?" Sally said, surprised. "Because you always scurry around when you're getting ready to go somewhere." Sally marveled at her husband's uncanny perceptiveness. He was a sharp-witted lawyer, and his observation was exactly right. She had been clearing the dishes from the breakfast table rather hurriedly, and she was going in town today for a special reason. "It's a surprise, I can't tell you," she said cheerfully. At that, Rod ducked behind his newspaper and took another sip of coffee. Either his young wife was a very good liar or she was telling the truth. For a month now she had been doing an awful lot of going out, and he was determined to find out what was behind it all. For sometime in fact he had frankly suspected her of having an affair. After all, she was an attractive young woman still in her early twenties, and he was almost forty. She wouldn't be the first young wife to find herself a boy friend while hubby was working. But still, Rod thought to himself, the evidence did not add up. The private detective he had hired so far could not report anything on her. According to Nestor Burns, she simply took long rides outside town in the sports car. It seemed as though something was troubling her, although Rod would be damned if he could figure out what it was. As far as he could remember they had had only one serious argument, and that had occurred a month ago. Rod had returned from work after winning an important case, and they had gone to a fancy restaurant in downtown Philadelphia to celebrate. After returning home they headed immediately upstairs to bed. He could not remember ever desiring his voluptuous young wife's body so ardently as that night, and in the beginning she had seemed willing enough to accommodate him. But as they undressed, something strange had happened. "I want your body tonight," he said, playfully at first. "All of it. 1 want you to take your panties off for a change. Don't be shy." "Not my panties," she had protested, but cheerfully enough. If it weren't for the drinks he had consumed that night, Rod would have let well enough alone. In the two years they had been married she had always insisted on keeping her panties on in bed, but yet she had always been willing to give him what he wanted. That night, though, he had been too insistent, and he could recall almost everything that happened ... later. He remembered how playfully his arms circled around her slender waist as she stood in front of the dresser and how his thumbs hooked into the tight elastic waistband of her little white panties. With a sudden rough force he jerked down on them, yanking them clear of her violently wrenching buttocks. He could never have dreamed her reaction would be so furious. A sudden piercing scream escaped from her lips and she pushed him away fiercely. "Get out of here," she screamed, her face livid with rage. Tears were welling up inside her eyes. "I don't ever want you to touch my panties again." That had done it, she had ruined his whole night for him. All along he had known of her secret hang up involving panties, but had never realized the depth of it until that night. Since the early days of their marriage he had been willing to excuse it, and in fact, he had even enjoyed it, because it was like an exciting strip tease with the flimsy piece of silk always the last tantalizing barrier between him and the secret treasure of her loins. It was sexy in the same way a scantily clad woman is always more attractive than a completely naked female. Things still didn't add up, though. How could there be any connection between her panty hang up and the fact that she spent afternoons riding around in the Jaguar? He was beginning to regret that he had been so suspicious in the first place, and now his mind drifted back to reality ... The newsprint in front of him blurred until he realized he had been reading the same column for ten minutes. Sally's soft hands squeezed his shoulders. "Now you be good today and just relax. When I come back I'm going to have a nice surprise for you." She bent forward and kissed him tenderly on the cheek. "That's my girl," he said, and as she left the kitchen in her light blue spring dress he felt terribly guilty. How could he have suspected her of having an affair. If only there were some way he could make it up to her ... A half hour later the long Jaguar lurched out of the Baxter driveway in the direction of downtown Philadelphia. As Sally guided it along the winding tree-shaded suburban street, she could feel pangs of guilt lancing her mind. Why, why had she ever let herself get so carried away with those young boys? There must be some other way of freeing herself from the horrible tension that constantly seized her ... if only she knew what it was. It was a sickness, she kept telling herself over and over again as the Jaguar picked up speed. Ever since her uncle had tried to rape her she had wanted to tease and torment every male she came across by suggestively exposing her panties. She could not help herself, and now the only thing she could do in repentance was to show her love for Rod. It would only be a small, insignificant gesture, an inadequate one, but she had heard him complaining the other day that he wanted to buy some new shirts. The least she could do was to buy them for him as a gift he would appreciate, and it was for this reason that she was heading in town. As Sally glanced in the rear view mirror she noticed for the first time a battered old black Plymouth and the seedy-looking driver behind the wheel. An unconscious warning signal flashed through her mind. Had she seen that car somewhere before? Was someone following her? No, it couldn't be, she thought. After all, this was the main highway leading into Philadelphia. Any number of people would be taking it. She glanced at her watch. It was almost eleven. * * * By two in the afternoon, Nestor Burns' feet were killing him. He had yanked down his glossy striped tie, undone the first two buttons of his shirt and mopped the sweat from his brow. Perspiration was soaking his armpits, and his feet felt as though they were going to burst through his shoes. This was the kind of job he hated ... following a dame while she went shopping. They could never make up their minds! So far the Baxter woman had pranced in and out of at least six exclusive men's stores. She had walked all over downtown Philadelphia with him following her everywhere. The only thing that kept Burns going was the thought of the big payoff involved, and he was moving closer to it every second. The minute Sally Baxter returned to the parking garage he was going to make his move. Sally's feet were killing her too as she hurried along Market Street toward the parking garage with her shopping cartons weighing down on her arms. Half the things she had bought for Rod could have been delivered, but she was anxious to surprise him tonight and couldn't bear the thought of waiting for days. She did not notice the heavy-set man in the blue suit trailing behind her for the simple reason that the streets were crowded with afternoon shoppers, almost shoulder to shoulder. She did not notice him until the attendant in the parking lot held open the door to the Jaguar and she climbed inside. Up front, a large black car---a Plymouth stood blocking the exit. She honked her horn irritably until she realized she had seen it somewhere before. Yes, she thought to herself, it was the car that followed her on the expressway into Philadelphia. The driver, who had climbed out, was walking toward her and he was leaning forward into her open window, his sweating, puffy face only inches away from hers. "Mrs. Baxter, is it?" "Y-yes," Sally replied hesitantly. Who was he anyway and what did he want with her, she wondered. "I have something that might interest you," he announced importantly, enjoying the look of sudden fear that had seized her face. "What do you mean?" she protested. "I don't even know you." "Yes, but I know you," he said without a trace of fear or embarrassment in his confident voice. His cold glassy eyes fixed on her. "I wish you would move your car, it's blocking my exit," she snapped, desperately trying to keep her composure. "I know some of your friends," he continued casually. "Some young boys. They like to play baseball. And it seems there's a certain woman who likes to watch them ... I have some interesting baseball movies I'd like you to see ..." Sally's heart suddenly jumped into her throat, and a cold clammy sweat broke out on her palms. Her hands trembled with fear. Who was this strange overbearing man? And how did he know about the young boys? "Don't worry, I'm not with the police, although I have a lot of friends who are cops. I'm only interested in one thing ... money. I want you to follow me. You'll be perfectly safe." For a long moment Sally sat immobilized with fear, her mind a whirl of confusion. Somehow this man had discovered her secret. It was impossible for him to be lying. He knew what she had done. "Hey, let's go you two!" A garage attendant suddenly yelled. "Follow me," Burns commanded sternly, and without a further moment of hesitation he retreated from her window and headed for the black Plymouth. Its engine gunned, and the car lurched forward out into the street. Numbed and confused, Sally Baxter obeyed Burns' command automatically. She shifted the powerful Jaguar into gear and eased out behind his car. Unconsciously, she had always known it would happen this way. She had been exposing her panties to young boys for years now, and she knew deep inside that she was bound to be caught one day. But the realization did little to calm her. Her entire body trembled with fear. It had finally happened. She was trapped. Nestor Burns' two-room apartment was located in a rundown area of South Philadelphia on the third floor of a converted brick row house. The house faced out on a narrow street littered with jettisoned paper and garbage. It wasn't the type of place that Burns showed his clients, who were few and far between anyway, and it certainly wasn't the type of place often visited by a ravishing blonde driving a Jaguar. Sally pulled up by the curb directly behind the black Plymouth and climbed hesitantly out of the sports car. By now, Burns was already at his doorstep jangling his keys in his hand, but for Sally it was a long slow death march to the door as horrible thoughts ran through her mind. What did this stranger want from her? And where was he taking her? She had never seen a slum like this in her life before. The inside of the place was just as bad as she had imagined. Hesitantly, she followed the hulking figure in front of her as he mounted the dingy brown stairway. "My place ain't too tidy," Burns said, throwing open the door to his apartment when they had reached the second floor. "But it'll do." What an understatement, Sally thought. The place looked as though it had been bombed out. In the middle of the floor stood a rickety wooden table cluttered with whiskey bottles, paper coffee containers and clustered poker chips. A single naked electric light bulb hung down from the ceiling. In a far corner of the room a hulking brute of a German shepherd lay curled up asleep. Sally gasped in surprise, clutching her throat as she sighted the animal, but then realized that he was probably harmless. "In here," the detective pointed at a curtained archway which led to another room. "W-where are you taking me?" Sally stammered. Burns simply chuckled and led the way into the bedroom. For a long moment Sally stood her ground. Should she run away now from this horrible place? What would happen if she stayed? She remained paralyzed with indecision until she finally realized the hopelessness of her situation. The detective wasn't just bluffing. He knew what she had done. There was no choice. Her mind made up, she entered the bedroom and cringed. It was even more of a mess than the other room. Occupying the middle of the room was a lopsided bed with unkempt sheets. Glasses cluttered a cheap dresser which faced a faded mirror hanging crookedly on the wall, and on the dresser stood an aged dime-store photo of an actress. "I'm a bachelor," Burns said, as though that explained away the mess. "How about a drink?" "I would prefer to discuss business, Mister ..." "Burns, Nestor Burns. Private detective ..." He grinned broadly at her as he reached for a calling card inside his jacket. "So that's it, you're a private detective. I don't suppose you'll tell me who put you up to this?" Burns smiled at her secretively but did not bother to respond. He didn't have to answer; she knew already that it was Rod who had hired his services. She should have known he was getting suspicious of her ... the way he was always cross-examining her about what she did during the day. "The business we want to discuss is very sensitive," Burns said politely, as he went over to the dresser and began mixing two drinks. "So I think you'd better sit down," he said, casually nodding toward the bed. "I beg your pardon," she protested, but Burns was already upon her, thrusting the drink in her hand, practically forcing her down on the bed. "Stay there," he commanded and headed toward a closet in another corner of the room. He emerged with a film reel which he casually tossed on the bed and a projector which he began setting up. "So, you haven't been lying," Sally sighed dejectedly, she tried to raise the drink to her lips, but her hand was trembling too violently. "You're going to be interested in this little film of mine," Burns leered as he began threading it through the projector. In a desperate effort to calm her shattered nerves, Sally gulped down a large sip of the bitter whiskey. It was still burning in her throat when, a moment later, Burns flicked off the light switch and turned on the projector. Before she knew what was happening he suddenly plumped down on the edge of the bed beside her. Together they faced the bare wall, which in a moment was about to unfold the deepest secrets of her hidden sex life. For Sally it was like the slow beginning of a long familiar nightmare as the blue unnatural light of the projector began to flicker unsteadily on the bare plaster wall in front of her eyes. The first frames were innocent enough: the long sleek Jaguar cruising effortlessly through the park ... the young handsome boys on the picnic table. And then, second by second, the bitter memories began to reappear in front of her widening eyes ... The figures of the two innocent boys playing catch in the hollow ... the film flickered on ... the voluptuous young blonde woman reclining beneath the tall shade tree, the buttons of her clinging blouse slowly coming undone ... and then the hands gliding softly up the white glimmering flesh of her parting thighs ... pushing the short skirt up over her small girlish waist ... the handsome blonde boy suddenly catching sight of her, his eyes popping wide with amazement ... It was all too real, it was too much to bear! She could not stand watching the film. "Stop! Stop!" Sally gasped suddenly. Her whole body stiffened, and she sprang up from the bed to block the lewdly flickering picture, her glass flying from her hand. She felt Burns' hand suddenly tightening around her wrist. "No, Mrs. Baxter, you're going to see it all. You're going to see everything you did to those innocent young boys." "Please, please," she gasped desperately. "Sit down." She could feel his other hand locking onto her free wrist and firmly forcing her back down on the bed. Try as she might, she could not escape the relentless images dancing obscenely against the wall in front of her. The depraved blonde woman on the screen had now slid her hand high up between her wantonly parted legs. Her excited fingers rubbed teasingly against the panty-cloaked mound of her vagina and her slightly parted lips bared back against her teeth, as her eyes fluttered in ecstasy while her fingers massaged the excitedly moistening crotch-band of her white nylon panties. Suddenly the familiar woman on the screen jerked the moistened elastic strip of her panties aside. Her extended middle finger stood poised at the naked hair-lined furrow of her passionately quivering cuntal slit. The two eager young boys snaked cautiously through the grass toward the pile of rocks not twenty feet from the lust-incited woman. It was so real, so lewd! Sally winced in shame as her secret past flickered before her eyes. That lewdly writhing woman was her, Sally Baxter! It was all too horrible to be true! "Oh! God!" she moaned as she turned her face away in horror from the merciless film. God, she was ready to collapse. Her whole life had suddenly caved in on her. "No, Mrs. Baxter, you're going to watch it all. You're going to watch every depraved minute of it, and then we'll talk or you go to jail," Burns snarled. He grasped her chin in his rough callused hands and jerked her face in the direction of the wall. For a moment Sally struggled to clench her eyes shut against the horrible reality that the uncouth detective was forcing on her, but the intensity of the obscenely flickering images was too much for her. She found herself attracted to them like a moth toward light. In wide-eyed horror she beheld the madly bucking woman on the screen ramming her fingers deep up inside her tight clasping pussy in front of the amazed young boys. The woman's body writhed and twisted in shameless abandon on the grass, her short blue skirt doubled back up over her hips, her fingers playing over the thin white sliver of her silk-lined panties. Her tortured lips feverishly spewed out groans of wanton lust. The woman on the screen was her! It was impossible to believe! Even now as she beheld the salacious spectacle, Sally could feel tiny droplets of moisture seeping into the flimsy silken crotch-band of her snugly encasing panties. The same feelings of forbidden desire that had overcome her in the park were beginning to tremble lewdly through her loins once again as she watched the depraved reenactment. "Stop it, stop it!" she screamed suddenly. Burns gave her a leering smile as he moved closer to her on the bed and tossed back his drink. "Not on your life, baby." "No, no please, I'll give you anything you want ... anything," she pleaded, tears choking her eyes. She was just where he wanted her now, Burns thought. She was frantic. Quickly he pushed himself off the bed and headed to the projector, switching it off. The flickering images of the madly writhing woman finger-fucking herself danced on the wall for another obscene moment and died as the room went suddenly dark. Somewhere nearby she could hear the detective shuffling about, but for the life of her it was impossible to see anything, and now a sudden panic seized her, making her spring from the bed once again and grope hopelessly along the wall for the light switch. Her hands reached out in blind desperation, but Burns' massive body was suddenly looming in front of her. And when she reached out to push him aside she shuddered. Her hands were pressing against his naked hairy chest, when he roughly yanked her against him, she realized he was completely naked! Suddenly she knew what he wanted. He was going to rape her! "Oh, please---" she gasped as her heart caught in her throat, pounding so rapidly that it threatened to break through her chest. "You said anything, remember, baby?" You'll give me anything." Burns' rough hands latched onto her wrists, pulling her fearfully trembling body toward him until she could feel his hot aroused breath raking her face. Impulsively, she struggled to free herself, but his hands tightened like vises. "No, I didn't mean---" she tried desperately to explain. "You didn't mean what, baby? You didn't mean a little piece of ass? You gave those young boys a nice shot at your panties, sweetheart. Now what's wrong with a little bit for good old Nestor Burns?" "Let me go, let me go," the terrified young wife squealed. Vainly she struggled to escape his tight death grip, but she knew she was trapped. "Sure, I'll let you go, Mrs. Baxter. But the minute I do, I'm gonna see that your husband gets a good look at a copy of these movies I took. It'll have to be a copy because the original is going to be in the hands of the cops." A sharp pang of fear raced up Sally's spine. She had been trapped by her own panty compulsion, and now she was going to be forced against her will to submit to the depraved desires of this unscrupulous man. Then all her terror was magnified tenfold as the private detective abruptly reached over and switched on the lights! His lewdly grinning face stared hungrily down at her, and the trembling young wife thought she had never seen a more menacing expression in her life. "No, I won't ... let me go," she sobbed quietly. "I can't." But Burns had had enough. His hands suddenly released her wrists and circled around behind her back crushing her fearfully trembling body toward him. In one swift movement his mouth clamped wetly down over her soft moist lips as she struggled to break free from him. He'd be damned if he was going to let her get away now. He had seen how this crazy nympho performed for those young kids the way her voluptuous body bucked and writhed lewdly on the grass as she rammed her fingers deep up inside her excited pussy. Hell no, he wasn't about to let her go. Underneath her mask of respectable suburban housewife she was a raving whore begging to be fucked. And he was going to shove his cock so deep up inside her tight little cunt that she would be begging for mercy ... and begging for more. "I just want to see those little panties of yours, baby," Burns groaned hotly into her ear. "Just a little panty fuck, that's all I want. Can't you just feel my big hard cock slipping past your panties ... throbbing against your pussy lips ..." Sally breathed heavily and tried to squirm away from the lust-crazed naked man. But in spite of her resistance, the detective's lewd words and the filthy movie she had just seen were exciting her. Now, pressed up tight against her squirming body, the whites of his eyes glinted at her in the darkness. Slowly his hand glided down the back of her blue dress, over the smooth curve of her back and grasped the softly yielding mounds of her buttocks. "Let me go!" she demanded hysterically, her hands pushing out against his hairy naked chest. But it was too late, Burns knew what he wanted and he was going to get it right now. He maneuvered her struggling young body against the bed, until the backs of her knees struck the edge of the mattress. For a long moment she fought with all her strength to keep from falling backwards, but the burly man's weight was overpowering, and he forced her down against the sheets, his weight crushing on top of her. "I can't ... I can't ..." she breathed, helplessly pinned beneath him. "Oh God, please don't ... please! I can't." "You can and you will once I get my cock inside those little silk panties of yours, baby," he groaned. Sally struggled with all her might to keep her legs locked together, but her frantic squirming only made the rapidly stiffening bulge inside the detective's pants leap up even harder. His lips clamped wetly down over her mouth again and he forced his tongue in between her teeth. "Aaaaah, aaaaah!" she groaned as his tongue speared fiercely into the warm wet cavern of her mouth, wrapping lewdly around her own struggling tongue like a powerful snake. His hot saliva flooded her mouth as he flicked excitedly deeper into her throat. "Aaaaagh!" she gagged. Her resisting body wriggled hopelessly on the bed. Involuntarily, her legs kicked out wide apart, thrashing against the tangled sheets and Burns used the opportunity to thrust his leg in between her thighs and force them further apart. His knee ground up hard against the hot quivering mound of her vagina as his hugely erect penis nudged against her stomach. "God, God," Sally moaned deliriously, her head thrashing from side to side, whipping her long blonde curls from shoulder to shoulder. "Just your panties, baby, that's all I want. Just let me rub those little panties of yours," Burns breathed heavily. "P-please ..." Sally mewled in protest, though it was too late. The detective's hand was already gliding up between her desperately kicking legs. His fingers were caressing the silky smoothness of her nylon stockings as they traveled up her savagely struggling thighs. In spite of the dire warnings her mind flashed to her, Sally's body began to react traitorously to the outrages she was being subjected to. Burns mounted himself squarely between her wide-splayed legs and crawled forward until she could feel the rigidly throbbing beat of his cock against her panty-clad vagina. Clenching her eyes tightly shut, she fought with all her might against the hopelessness of her degrading position until ever so slowly the unwanted secretion of her involuntarily responding loins began to seep out from the depths of her pussy into the close-clinging web of silk. Burns' hand eagerly slid further up between the smooth columns of her flared-out thighs until his hungrily searching fingers were caressing the naked flesh above the tops of her nylon stockings. He yanked hard on them, pulling against the stretching resilience of her garter straps. The straps strained and held for a moment, but like the last ounce of resisting energy inside Sally Baxter's body, they suddenly gave way, and the detective began to slide the sheer nylons down over the lusciously flaring curves of her legs. Like a keen hound he scented blood now, and his hotly aroused body was not going to stop for anything. Slowly, his right hand began to tunnel farther up between her wide-splayed thighs until his fingertips played with the wisps of pubic hairs that guarded the entrance to her loins. "Aaaaagh, God, stop!" she pled excitedly, her hand clamping down hard on top of his. Any minute now she realized he would be at her panties, and it would be all over. The last bastion of her resistance would disappear the second his fingers touched the flimsy moistened material. Strange, electrically tingling sensations overtook her body now as his fingers crawled relentlessly closer to the guarded treasure of her pussy. Abruptly she stiffened with hot excitement as his extended middle finger insinuated itself beneath her panty leg band and touched the feverishly moistened lips of her vagina. Her hips bucked up traitorously against his searching hand while the sharp little buds of her nipples stiffened inside the restraining cups of her brassiere. "Noooo," she gasped again and, horrified at the thought of losing all control, she suddenly wrenched her body away from him and rolled onto her side in an effort to escape. Quickly, she was yanked back again and lay helpless beneath him. Burns breathed heavily with mounting excitement. He had her now, he was at her precious panties, and there was no stopping him. She was powerless to resist. This beautiful little bitch was going to be all his. In a matter of minutes she would be begging and screaming for his long hard cock. Nothing in the world could stop him now! Suddenly his free hand slid between her back and the mattress, and he lifted her shoulders an inch off the mattress as he struggled clumsily with the zipper on her dress. Ferociously, he yanked at it while his tongue snaked back between her teeth into the hot wetness of her mouth. A muffled squeal of protest blurted from her lips as she helplessly pounded against his sweating body with her fists. In response his hand jerked her zipper down violently, and a cool rush of air raked across her naked shoulders. Eagerly his hands slipped into the opening of her dress from behind and tore apart the tightly restricting brassiere. His fingers popped the snaps open and he pushed the brassiere up and away from the soft mounds of her heaving breasts. With a sudden burst of animal fury, he jerked down hard on the straps of her dress, pulling them away from her shoulders until her frantically quivering breasts were exposed to his gaze. "God ... please!" Sally pleaded, and twisted her tortured face away from his hungrily probing mouth. "Please ... please ... I'll give you money, anything ... but not this ..." "Just your panties, baby," Burns gasped hoarsely, knowing this would get her. From the beginning he knew she was a panty freak and the moment he started playing with them, she would be his. As his right hand glided up into the silk-skinned mound of her vagina his left hand seized the resilient mounds of her milk-white breasts and trapped the sensitive pink bud-like nipples between thumb and forefinger, ferociously squeezing them until a gasp of pain escaped from her lips. He twisted her toward him, throbbing the covered hardness of his lust-inflamed penis against the panty-protected "vee" of her cunt. His face contorted with lust, he tore the rumpled dress down from her heaving belly, hurling her back against the mattress and ripping the garment down over her obscenely splayed legs. "Oh nooo ... God noooo!" Sally screamed, desperately trying to twist away from him. Her half-naked body squirmed and bucked on the bed before his merciless assault, and now only her sheer white panties and smooth nylon stockings remained to protect her from the vicious attack she knew was about to begin. She gasped in terror as a look of raw lust crept over his face, but there was nothing ... nothing at all she could do. She was like a struggling animal battling against the iron jaws of a trap. He bent over her again and his hungry mouth came down over her wetly glistening lips, his tongue ramming between her teeth. She could feel it curling warmly around her own tongue, and a piteous moan of desperation rumbled from her throat. This hot little bitch was going to get a real workout, Burns vowed to himself. He was going to turn her into a sex-crazed slut, begging and screaming for his big stiff cock. His right hand seized the warmly pulsating mound of her vagina as his left hand descended from her trembling breasts, down the quivering bowl of her undulating belly, to the smooth, naked curve of her inner thigh. "Aaaagh ... please!" she mewled, helplessly fighting against his eagerly searching fingers as they coursed back up her leg and kneaded the full sensitive flesh of her thighs. But even as she fought, Sally knew it was hopeless as she felt his tongue flicked lizard-like into the cavern of her groaning mouth. She may be fighting now, Burns thought, but she was going to love every minute of it. He could tell from the way her voluptuous body was involuntarily bucking and squirming, as though it couldn't wait to be fucked. As his mouth hungrily worked at her lips, the extended middle finger of his right hand slipped into the moistly aroused furrow of her cuntal slit, pushing the warm smooth silk of her panties up between the little lips of her pussy. Her hips bucked wildly in response. impulsively his left hand slithered up to the rounded softness of her breasts again, and his fingers pinched teasingly at her throbbing nipples. "Oh God ... Ooooooh!" Sally moaned, arching her head back into the bed sheets, her eyes screwed tightly shut. She could feel Burns' hands retreating from her quivering breasts now, curling beneath her thighs, and eagerly squeezing at the voluptuous flesh of her buttocks. Suddenly, his right hand withdrew from her panties and gripped her at the knee. With a loud animal grunt he rolled off the bed, jerked her legs out straight and savagely yanked down her dress. He pulled it down from her knees, tore it ferociously away from her ankles, and hurled it in a haphazard heap on the floor. "No ... no ... please," she moaned deliriously, shaking her head from side to side against the mattress. But no mercy was coming from Burns, who stood in front of her completely naked, his rock hard cock lunging out from under his heavy paunch like the menacing shad t of a blunt spear. He looked down at her, his eyes glowing in anticipation as he began to stroke the heavy foreskin back and forth over the blood-filled throbbing head. "Like that?" he grinned, obviously enjoying the brutal torment he was subjecting her to. He was a sadist, and he watched the trembling young wife as though she were a trapped doe and he the dog, the faint cruel glint glowing now in his eye like a hotly burning ember. "You're gonna enjoy my cock when I put it inside those little panties of yours," he said menacingly. He came closer to the bed and watched the contorted expressions of paralyzed fear cross over her face like some tidal wave of darkness. Sally tried desperately to speak, but she was frozen to the mattress. Against her will her eyes dropped to the enormous shaft of rigid flesh he was massaging in his hand. She had never seen anything like it before. God, it was so incredibly thick! In spite of her fear she found herself wondering how any woman could take such a thing inside her without being split apart. He was built and he knew it. He stood a moment longer reveling in the huge size of his cock. "D-don't touch me," Sally managed to stammer through her immobilizing fear, though she knew there was no escape. He was going to ravish her helpless young body no matter how she pleaded with him not to. Suddenly, the burly private detective mounted the bed on top of her again, his hairy log thrusting once more between her wide-splayed thighs. He cupped her face in his palms and jerked her head up toward him, thrusting his tongue far into the hot liquid depths of her mouth. She could feel the heat of his rigidly erect penis throbbing against the naked flesh of her trembling belly. A last faint thought of trying to tear herself away from him flickered across her mind but faded with the pain of his fingers digging into the sides of her face "That's a girl," he breathed softly into her mouth. With a swift motion, his hands traveled from her face over the smoothly flowing curves of her naked body until they were playing against the smooth flimsy material of her panties. She trembled in fear as he hooked his fingers into the tight elastic waistband and muttered a faint, lustful sigh. No ... no ... not my panties, Sally cried and squirmed away from him. His grip tightened once again. "I'm not gonna take your fucking panties off. I just wanna rub my cock against them," he hissed through tightly clenched teeth. She could feel his fingers descending across her belly to her tightly clenched buttocks. His lips quickly withdrew from hers, and in a sudden lust-maddened impulse, his head dove down to her quivering belly. His warm wet lips pressed tight against her navel, and the sudden wet contact sent a lewd chill racing the length of her spine. Automatically she reached forward with her hands ... at first struggling to push his head away. "Aaaaaaagh!" she cried helplessly as his head dropped to her inner thighs, but it was a losing battle. As his fingers played teasingly with the tiny white crotch band that guarded her wetly excited pussy, she knew she was lost. He had discovered her secret, and now he was going to exploit it for his own depraved ends. Although the last reserve of moral strength in her mind told her to fight to the death, she found herself giving in to the savage debasement he was subjecting her to. Against her will her traitorous fingers locked into his dark hair and pulled his head deeper into her widely-parted thighs as his tongue began to trace tiny tantalizing circles around the panty leg band. His hands spread her knees further apart, and then in sudden savage feast his tongue flicked lizard-like inside the stretched leg band and grazed her hotly throbbing cuntal lips. Sally jumped from the moist wet contact while at the same time her legs helplessly slithered wider and wider apart, thrashing at the disheveled bed sheets that snaked around her ankles. Her eyes opened in abject terror, and she struggled to close her legs against this oral rape, but it was a hopelessly one-sided battle. Finally, the beautiful young blonde wife lay still. Laughing triumphantly, the detective slid his hands over the trembling smoothness of her inner thighs until his fingers hooked again into the thin elastic crotch band of her flimsy panties. Then with a quick jerking motion he yanked them aside to expose the hair-lined lips of her hotly aroused pussy to his merciless gaze. He gaped in hunger at the fleshy treasure before him and, with an animal-like groan, dropped his head to bury the full length of his slippery tongue into her warmly throbbing pussy. She jerked, a soul-searing moan escaping from deep in her chest. Her panty-clad buttocks pushed down against the mattress as she tried to escape the lust-maddened assault of his wet tongue on her quivering cuntal flesh. "Oh God, oooooooh, oooooh," she whimpered before his Depraved attack. At can't be, it can't be!" she groaned over and over again in undisguised humiliation, her head flailing from side to side as his wet flicking tongue began to spear in and out of the involuntarily dilating lips of her pussy. In spite of her terror and revulsion at the things being done to her helpless young cunt, wisps of forbidden pleasure rippled deep down ill her belly, and her arms lay tensed at her sides while her rounded breasts danced from the lewd buffeting her body was receiving. His hands reached up over the flatness of her quivering belly and seized her swaying breasts, digging harshly into their fleshy softness. Sally sprang to a sitting position on the mattress, while Burns' tongue worked hungrily in between her legs. The horror of what was happening to her was too much to bear, and she sat frozen in abject submission to the depraved outrages being forced upon her defenseless body. She watched helplessly as the stranger's head bobbed in and out of her loins, his tongue spearing between the wetly palpitating lips of her pussy. There was nothing she could do, and tears of humiliation and shame welled in her eyes. Random crazy pictures of her husband whirled through her mind as she listened to the vile wet sucking noises Burns was making at her tortured young cunt. Oh God, how could she ever face Rod again after allowing her body to be submitted to this cruel inhuman man whose head was locked and feasting between her legs? He was defiling her as she never thought possible, humiliating her beyond her wildest imagination, and there was absolutely nothing she could do! Hungrily, his hands reached up and roamed over her sensuously full breasts as he continued the torturing thrusts of his tongue into her wide-splayed vagina. Any minute now he knew he was going to turn her into a raving slut. Before the afternoon was over she'd be begging and screaming for his cock. Chuckling softly to himself, Burns gripped her thighs tightly and spread her legs out even wider on either side of his bear-like body. His hands locked on the underside of her curved thighs and pushed them back over her body so that her kneecaps touched her voluptuously trembling breasts. Bending forward, he thrust the tip of his tongue into the tightly puckered ring of her anus. She shut her eyes in mute pleading, and her lips bared back over her teeth from the obscene torturing sensation it sent racing out of control through her naked form. Her whole body squirmed and writhed from this unnatural invasion. "Ooooh, Gods please don't," she whimpered as she fought desperately to screw her buttocks back down from the hotly flicking tongue licking without mercy at her anus. Burns' only answer was a lewd chuckle from his wet lips and a further stab into the tightly contracting ring. "Aaaaaagh!" she groaned again as tiny goose-bumps rippled across her quivering belly and excitedly heaving breasts. Hopeless sobs of pitiful despair whimpered from Sally's throat, but suddenly in spite of her humiliation and revulsion she felt her body begin to involuntarily enjoy it. Her buttocks jerked back at the relentlessly spearing tongue sending spasms of delicious sensation coursing through her lust-maddened nerves. "No, no, I can't!" the cruel realization hit her with its full impact. Further cries of shame and humiliation tore from her lips at the thought, not only of the shameful act she was committing but the more frightening and shameful realization that she was actually enjoying it. She clenched her teeth tightly together and fought with all her will against the tiny licking sparks of obscene pleasure that threatened to burst into sudden uncontrollable flames and devour her. But it was a losing battle as Nestor Burns mewled and licked at the pink throbbing lips of her helplessly responding vagina below. And then after a long moment of struggle within her tortured and confused mind---the dam burst. Her aroused young body jerked spasmodically and began a slow abandoned movement up against his mercilessly thrusting tongue. Her hands curled down into his hair with a low soul-stirring moan from deep in her chest. Forgotten were the thoughts of her husband, forgotten was the humiliation. All that mattered now was the delicious shaft of pleasure piercing through her belly as this stranger licked and sucked hungrily at her wildly excited vaginal furrow. Burns sensed her sudden submissive surrender and with a savage grin wetly thrust his tongue deep up into the sensually quivering moistness of her cunt until he could feel her soft pussy hairs and her wet nylon panties grazing tantalizingly against the tip of his nose. With savage energy he ground her sensually writhing buttocks up against his face. She was his now, he gloated, watching in excitement the lust-contorted face as her lips bared back over the whiteness of her teeth. Yes, by God, it wouldn't be long until he rammed his cock deep up into that little belly of hers and shot his hot churning cum all the way up into her tight little pussy. He'd be damned if she was going to act snotty with him. She was just like any other little bitch screaming to be fucked by any cock she could get her hands on. Well, he gloated with obscene delight as his dilated nostrils inhaled the warm perfume of her pussy, she'd get it all right and get it good. Sally's body pumped and turned under the lewd maddening torture of Burns' obscenely flicking tongue until she thought the pounding of her heart would break through her chest. Her head was raised up from the mattress watching his working face, her hands locked tightly behind his head, pulling the punishing lash of his tongue deeper and deeper up into her vaginal opening. It seemed as though the delicious sucking of her pulsing cuntal flesh would go on forever when, suddenly, Burns forced his head up from the tightly restrictive grip of her hands and crawled up between her open thighs. "Now I'm gonna fuck ya," he breathed. The trembling young wife lay still her eyes wide open, her breath coming so fast she felt her lungs would burst. Her belly quivered and heaved as though he had already sunk his long thick cock deep up inside her. Burns bent over her supine form, fastening his teeth harshly into the tautened nipple of her heaving breast. She groaned in pain, attempting to twist away from the sudden sharp torture, but his hands playing over the softness of her thighs and hips held her tight, and now his lips roamed wetly over the soft-fleshed mounds, causing a blissful twitch that descended from her erect little nipples to the close-clinging crotch band of her panties below. Her smoothly rotating buttocks began a slow impatient grinding up and down against his relentlessly flicking tongue. That's its baby, you're gettin' hot," Burns moaned, as he licked over her warmly throbbing pussy, his eyes still hard and cruel. "I'm gonna fuck you like you've never been screwed before. I want to see you twist and squirm when this cock of mine sinks into your belly. I want to see you beg and scream for it." Sally lay frozen under the prodding of his obscene words. In spite of her resolve, their very lewdness excited her more and more but still she fought within herself against this final surrender that would mean her total subjugation to the detective. "Spread your legs now, baby, I'm comin' in," Burns grinned in triumph above her. Quivering, half in fear and half in anticipation, Sally opened her thighs while Burns levered up over her, his arms stiff, his hands resting on her shoulders. He dropped one hand down between their naked bodies taking his hard throbbing cock between his fingers and guiding it slowly forward, using the thick rubbery head to part the full fleshy lips of her hair-lined little cunt. The young wife turned her head to the side on the mattress, closing her eyes with a shudder as she felt its soft electrical contact against the sensitive pink lips of her moistly quaking pussy. She held her breath for what seemed an eternity, lying still in utter subjugation before him. "Oooooh," she breathed as she felt the first harsh pressure of his penis against the tight elastic opening of her vagina. He pushed. "AAAAAAAGH!" she coughed as the hard blunt tip slipped through her pussy lips, stretching cruelly her small elastic-like vaginal opening until Sally felt as though her thighs were splitting apart from the relentless outward pressure. "Oooooh, God, no, please, you're hurting me!" She was suddenly screaming almost at the top of her voice as she jerked her eyes open in fear and saw his evil sadistic grin above her. Oh God, he was killing her, and he was enjoying it! He enjoyed watching her suffer beneath the cruelty of his relentless penetration into her wetly accepting cunt. Suddenly the grin on his face faded and a contorted expression of sheer animal-like lust replaced it. He could stand it no more, watching this innocent young wife spread-eagled beneath him with the blood-engorged head of his cock gradually disappearing up into her tight little pussy. He had to fuck her, he had to and quick! He fell forward, his weight smashing her full firm breasts tightly back against her chest. He thrust his hips forward at the same time, and his long thick cock slid into her cunt like a raging freight train pushing the soft moist flesh of her tightly clinging vaginal walls in rippling waves before it. There was no stopping it until with a loud groan his sperm-bloated balls smacked heavily into the flimsy skin of silk that clung to the upturned cheeks of her ass. "Oh God, oh God!" she cried beneath him. She had never been so filled in her life, and his thickly throbbing cock felt as though it had ripped her vagina into a thousand threads as he speared deep up into her without mercy or thought of injury. And now ... now his penis lay sunk deep up in her belly, filling every part of her insides. There wasn't one tiny ridge of flesh she couldn't feel as his cock sawed savagely in and out of her cunt like a sword sliced cruelly into its piteous victim's belly. He lay still for a moment, his face directly over hers. Sally lay immobile too, afraid to move for fear of the pain it might bring. Neither made a sound for a long moment, and then suddenly she felt a jerking throb deep up inside. The bulging thickness of Burns' cock jerked up another painful half inch as he flexed it cruelly inside her vaginal cavity. "Aaaaaugh!" she grunted breathlessly, her face contorting to the deeper pain. "Told ya I'd stretch that little pussy of yours," he grunted and rotated his buttocks, ramming even deeper into her. "Aaaaaaagh," she gasped deeper this time, the cords on her neck standing out from the pressure of her Resistance. "Like it?" he grinned down in lewd delight at the pained expression on her face. "Ooooooh, yes, yes!" she cried, afraid to offend him. The pain of his oversized penis rammed into her tight little vagina was just too unbearable. "Beg then!" he hissed with contemptuous coldness. "W-what?" was all the anguished girl could utter. "Beg me," he repeated with greater arrogance. "Ooooh, I can't," she prayed beneath him. "Beg me to fuck you now!" He throbbed the hotly pounding shaft deeper up into her quivering belly again. "Oooooh, God, don't, I can't!" She fought with all her strength and courage to escape this one final humiliation. This she knew would be the final surrender. There would be no escaping him ever again. It was the only thing she had left. He had taken all else ... her pride, her self-respect. She couldn't let him have the pleasure of hearing her beg too. She just couldn't! He throbbed deeper, hurtfully digging his fingers into the softness of her shoulders at the same time. "Do it!" he commanded, savage fire burning in his eyes. "Begs you loving bitch!" "Ooooooh God, she sobbed, her resistance broken by the pain and helplessness of her position. "Do it to me, do it to me." "Not like that, say fuck me," he demanded. "Oh fuck me!" she hissed, tears gushing from her eyes as she spat out the vile words. Her humiliation and degradation now were complete. She would never be the same again. She had allowed herself to lose control over all things she knew were right and now wished herself dead. Her only consolation as her nakedly writhing body bucked and twisted on the bed was that she was doing it all for Rod ... doing it so that he would never discover her terrible sickness. As Burns crushed against the voluptuous flesh of her naked young body, he sensed the last remaining ounce of resistance draining from her soul. Clamping his lips suddenly right down over her mouth, he began a slow rocking motion between her lewdly splayed thighs. He could feel the tight narrow passage of her pussy widening slightly with each short smooth stroke as she groaned in helpless defeat beneath him. With all his years of experience, he knew it wouldn't take long to turn this soft-bodied young woman into a helpless mass of raw squealing desire. Sally's traitorous body began to react. There was no longer any reason to fight the lewd flames of desire coursing hotly through her veins. She had lost the battle against the obscene feelings, and even the agonizing thought of her total surrender sent wicked chills running along the base of her spine as she felt the slow rhythm of Bum's long thick cock begin skewering wetly into her. The young blonde's whole madly aroused body twitched and writhed beneath him, and she groaned incessantly up into his slavering mouth, shoving her tongue with a sudden complete abandon deep into his throat. Low hums of passionate servile acceptance came in torrents from deep in her chest, her face wildly contorted with lust, mouth working, neck straining, nostrils flared, a light sweat breaking out on her forehead under the now disheveled soft blonde hair. Burns slipped his hands down her sides under the silken roundness of her panties and grasped the smoothly undulating mounds of her buttocks. They began flexing and unflexing, oozing around his clenching fingers as he pressed his hands tightly into them. He jerked her harder to his loins and felt her excitedly opening her thighs back a little bit more, the moist wet hole of her cunt flowering open to receive his plunging cock to greater and greater depths. The pain was gone now and her legs on either side of his long impaling rod of flesh were jerking and quivering in uncontrolled abandon. Her eyes fluttered shut and her spearing tongue pumped savagely up into his greedy mouth as small mewling sounds of velvety pleasure rumbled from her throat. The cords in her neck and thighs stood out hard and tense as she wantonly writhed beneath him from the uncontrollable building intensity of her feeling. There was no longer a thought of anything except the delicious lewd sensation of lying beneath this man who was fucking her against her will and giving back to him the undeniable pleasure he was giving her. The private-eye slaved above her, moving suddenly into long smooth strokes that brought his fast-pumping cock almost all the way out of her hungrily clasping cunt on the backstroke and then thrusting forward into her uplifting buttocks again until he could feel the harsh slap of his cum-laden balls against the shimmering satin of her panties. He grinned at the thought of even further humiliation and slid his fingers down into the tight narrow crevice between her churning ass-cheeks, twisting and stretching her flimsy panties until he found the small puckered anus cradled defenselessly below. It was soft and warm and he could feel it working with the excitedly rotating movement of her buttocks pushing hard up against his thick shaft of male flesh. He pushed fiercely into it with a sudden quick movement, feeling the tight rubbery ring yielding before his attack. "Oooooh," she gasped, the sound tumbling from her lips in painful protest. He thrust harder, taking pleasure in hearing her noises of subjugation. "Ooooooh," she groaned louder this time from the further outrage against her defenselessly cringing anus. But there was no respite. He worked his finger around inside, slowly stretching the rubbery softness wider and wider as he ground into her. He slipped another finger in and felt the tight resistance give way as it moved deep into her warmly clinging rectum. The deep guttural noises coming from her chest slowed into whimpers of pain for a moment and then slowly subsided to be replaced by greater moans of lascivious pleasure as her tortured anus slowly became accustomed to the strange unnatural invasion. He smiled a grin of triumph into her wetly sucking mouth as he felt her tentatively begin screwing her rectum back on his fingers while he groped methodically around the warm rubbery depths. She was hopelessly impaled between his hard throbbing cock in her vagina and his fingers rammed tightly in her rectum. And now, moaning and mewling beneath him, she began lustfully twisting and squealing in shameless abandon under the double ravishment of her loins. Slowly, he slid his hand up from the rounded cheeks of her buttocks where his throbbing cock was sliding smoothly in and out of her frenziedly clasping pussy. The soft hair-lined folds oozed warmly around his lust-thickened penis, and he could sense their moist softness pulling and giving with each hard jackhammer thrust deep up into her belly. Soft moans of obscene sensation tumbled from her throat as he fondled and played with her hotly pulsating cuntal lips. At the same time he could feel the ever-widening passage of her devouring little cunt flowering in greedy desire to swallow the whole of his long hard penis plunging far deep up inside her. He quickened the pounding thrusts of his savagely pumping cock, plunging it deeper and deeper up inside her grateful cunt as her nakedly young body thrashed beneath him. She was ready to cum, he could feel it as her trembling legs on either side of him suddenly jerked wide and up. He ripped his fingers from her rectum with a wet hissing sound and pressed his hands behind her knees, pushing them back hard against the mattress on either side of her shoulders. The plane of her panty-guarded pussy was wide open to the pile-driving thrusts of his loins as he smacked brutally into her. "Oh, oh, oh!" she chanted frenziedly, her face contorted in a twisted mask of wildly abandoned passion. With a loud animal grunt he quickened his strokes, grinding deep and hard so that his massively throbbing cock bored far up into the untouched recesses of her womb. Her nakedly dancing breasts heaved and quivered up against the pressure of his chest, the tiny hardened nipples digging into him like the buttons of a coat. And suddenly she shivered convulsively under him! "Oh God! ... oh God! ... I'm cumming, cummmmmmmming! As the excited words tumbled from her lips, her feverishly palpitating cunt twitched convulsively around the thickly throbbing spear of his cock. Her whole body bucked and shuddered as warm gushes of fiery liquid flooded through her wildly climaxing loins. Burns thrust faster, digging deeper, deeper up inside her. He felt her jerk up toward him savagely, the wildly sucking lips of her cunt squeezing the pumping shaft of his cock. Her breath was coming in short desperate gasps now, and he thrust with abandon deep up inside her again. Suddenly as a tremendous groan rumbled from his chest, his own hot wet sperm shot out madly from the quivering tip of his cock far up into the wetly welcoming depths of her belly. Their juices mingled and exploded wantonly down deep inside in a thrashing pool of passion that Sally had never known could exist. Another deep groan escaped from the detective's lips as her legs suddenly went limp and fell out to the sides, splayed obscenely on either side of his sweat-streaked buttocks. Sally's heart pounded in her chest as though it would burst. Her body was beaten and satiated as it had never been before, but even so, the earlier wave of humiliation returned to her again as she remembered where she was and who was lying on top of her with his thickened penis still buried deep inside her quivering young cunt. "You liked that, didn't you?" Burns smiled cruelly. "Yes, now get up," Sally snapped coldly, pushing against the massive chest that crushed down on her breasts. "Just a minute, baby. I haven't even pulled out yet." He throbbed his deflating cock gently in her cum-filled vagina. Sally groaned from this further indignity, throwing her arms over her eyes to blot out the closeness of his face over hers. As she did so, Burns heaved himself off from on top of her body, groaning heavily. He picked up his clothes from the floor and begun to dress slowly, grinning as his piteous victim attempted to close her eyes from the sight of him. Sally remained immobilized among the twisted sheets of the bed with the brief bikini panties running thinly up between her legs as the last vestige of clothing on her defeated young body. "That was a pretty good fuck," Burns complimented her sarcastically. "Please, please---give me back the films now," Sally pleaded, hopefully, still shading her eyes from her tormentor. "It's not that easy, baby. Like I told you I'm interested in money." "H-how much money?" "Let's say five thousand bucks." "Five thousand dollars?" she gasped. "I'm not greedy," Burns said, lighting a cigarette. "Five thousand bucks and you get the films back. When can you get the money?" Weakly Sally propped herself up and slid to the edge of the bed. She reached for her dress on the floor and held it up against her body to protect her nakedness from the detective's humiliating gaze. God, I'm trapped now, really trapped, Sally thought, and all because of what I've done to those innocent young boys. If only I could control this insane panty urge! It's beginning to rule my life. It'll be hard to get hold of that much money, but not impossible. I'll have to work fast. I need those horrible films back more than anything else in the world! "I'll have to go to the bank," she said finally. "Have it by Friday," Burns demanded. "Yes ... yes, I'll have it," Sally choked as tears of humiliation flooded into her eyes. But by next week her nightmare would be all over, she comforted herself. Burns would make his report to her husband, and after she paid him the money everything would be fine. Yes, she hoped fervently, it all had to work out for the best, it had to. She waited quietly on the bed until the detective turned to the dresser to make another drink. Then she dressed quickly and, before he could protest, sneaked out the door, scurrying down the dingy stairway lice some person with a guilty secret too horrible to hide. Late Sunday morning Nestor Burns was awakened by the loud jangling of his telephone on an end table by the bed. As he jumped awake his legs kicked at the hulking German shepherd who had been curled up on the blankets by his feet, and the startled animal pounced from the bed, muttering a low indignant growl. "Hello?" Burns said groggily into the receiver. "It's your old friend, Nestor ... Rocky Olson," the voice greeted him. "I'm callin' about the two hundred bucks you owe me." "Yeah, sure, Rocky," Nestor croaked, a big broad smile lighting up his face. "I'll have it by the end of the week for you." He had been expecting this call for a long time, in fact, dreading it, except now he had that Baxter woman wrapped around his thumb, and by Friday she was going to drop off five thousand bucks-plenty more than he needed to bail out his poker losses over the past month. "That's not good enough, Nestor" the voice droned wearily. "What are you talking about? You know I always pay off," Burns protested. "Still not good enough, Nestor," Rocky said, this time a bit more impatiently. By now Burns was beginning to lose his composure. Olson was one credit he didn't want to fool around with for one simple reason ... he had connections with the syndicate. "Now wait a minute, Rocky ... I swear, I'm on a big case. I get my fee on Friday." "Try again, Nestor," Rocky said. "All right, all right ... Look, what's two hundred bucks anyway. How come you can't wait till Friday?" "Rocky don't like people who borrow his money." "All right, all right," Burns assured him. "I'll get it for you before Friday." "Get it for me Tuesday," Rocky demanded. "I can't wait no later the Tuesday. I gotta have money to go to the movies." "Okay, okay, Tuesday then," Burns gave in. "I'll have it for you Tuesday." He could feel himself beginning to sweat. "I'll be over Tuesday night." "Naturally you're gonna give me a chance to win it back, right?" the detective suggested. "Sure," Rocky agreed, but if I don't see it first I'm gonna bust your head." Without hesitating any longer; the threatening party at the other end suddenly clicked the receiver down and Burns was left listening to the ominous buzz of the dead phone. Hurriedly, he threw off the bedclothes, retrieved his pants from the closet and withdrew his wallet ... a hundred dollars. It was not enough to pay Olson off. Of course, he could always bluff and take a chance on winning the money back, but he had done that one too many times already. This time it was going to be different, Rocky would see to that. But why couldn't Olson wait until Friday? He cursed to himself. There was going to be trouble if he couldn't get his hands on at least another hundred before Tuesday, he knew that for sure, and he began to pace the bedroom in his undershorts, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. If he hit the Baxter woman for more money she might start getting suspicious that he was putting the squeeze on her. She might get scared and back out of the whole deal. No, that was no good, he had to find another way out. Suddenly, an idea flashed through his mind like lightning, and he snapped his fingers. Why hadn't he thought of it earlier? It was that Baxter woman's husband who could bail him out. Sure, he thought, it would be a simple matter to hit that rich lawyer for a couple of hundred bucks, and nobody would ever know. Burns chuckled to himself. Now he was going to put the squeeze on both of them. * * * Sunday evening after dinner Rod Baxter noticed that his wife had been drinking more than usual. Already she had downed two strong martinis, and now she was in the midst of fixing herself a third from a pitcher on the cocktail table. She fidgeted nervously as she sat on the edge of the comfortably curved living room couch, and while Rod observed her from his easy chair, he swished the liquid around in his own drink and took a mild sip. "Where are you going tonight?" he asked as casually as he could. "I'm not going anywhere," Sally snapped irritably, her tongue already thick from drinks. "What makes you think I'm going somewhere?" "You're nervous again," he said calmly. "I'm not nervous," she barked. Rod, without taking his eyes off her, chuckled to himself. He knew when it was time to shut up, and at that very moment when he had just decided to let well enough alone, he was saved by the bell. The telephone rang, and to his surprise, Sally did not jump up immediately to answer it. "It's probably for you," he said. "I don't want it even if it is for me," she replied tartly. Pushing himself up off the chair, Rod let out a deep sigh, and headed for the phone by the stairway to the second floor. He did not immediately recognize Nestor Burns' voice. "Who?" he asked loudly. "Burns, Nestor Burns, private detective. Remember, you hired me?" "Yes, of course," Rod corrected himself. "But if this is a business matter, perhaps you should call me at the office on Monday." "Never mind about that," the detective said, taking command of the situation. "I might have something hot for you Mr. Baxter, real hot." "Oh?" Rod shot a quick glance over his shoulder at Sally to see if it was safe to talk. "Yeah ... about your wife ... " Burns continued. "But I'm not sure of the particulars yet. Can we get together tomorrow?" "Hmmm," Rod mumbled all along he'd had his doubts about this Burns fellow, but if Burns really did have something hot as he said, it would be worth finding out at the earliest possible moment. On the other hand, if Burns were bluffing, if he were just trying to squeeze more money from the case, there was no point even bothering with him. "Well?" the detective waited. "Can you make it or not?" Rod hemmed and hawed as he turned the question over in his mind. Sally had been acting strange tonight. The way she had been fidgeting nervously, the way she had downed her drinks so quickly. Perhaps something really was going on between her and some other man. Perhaps this detective really had picked up something hot. In a moment Rod Baxter's mind was made up. "All right, lunch tomorrow," he agreed finally. "Good," Burns answered. "The Circle Diner in South Philadelphia. Ya know where that is?" "I don't believe so." As the detective rattled off the directions, Rod scribbled them on a pad of paper beside the telephone. "Tomorrow at noon, okay?" "Agreed." With that, Rod hung up the phone and strolled back to his easy chair. "Who was that?" Sally asked tensely. She had set the empty glass on the table in front of her, and her hands were gripping the edge of the sofa. "Just a client," Rod answered nonchalantly. "Calling you at home?" "Some unfinished business. You know, you are awfully jumpy tonight." "Stop it, stop it!" Sally cried, suddenly out of control. In a fit of anger and confusion she sprang from the couch, nearly knocking over the pitcher of martinis on the cocktail table and dashed upstairs, the skirt of her light print dress swishing swiftly from side to side. Rod raised his eyebrows as he settled back in his chair. He certainly hadn't expected that kind of a reaction from his wife. But for Sally it was perfectly understandable, the tension that had been building inside her threatened to burst through and shatter what remained of her composure. Now as she dashed through the bedroom door, she flung herself on the bed and began sobbing hysterically. Why, why did I expose myself to those young boys? she cried. If only I'd known that Rod was getting suspicious. If only I'd been smart enough to realize that private detective had been following me, none of this would have happened. I'm trapped now, and there's no way out. The only hope left, Sally realized was that the detective would keep his word and return the films to her. Then Rod would never know, and perhaps there would be a second chance ... some faint chance that she could overcome her panty compulsion with a tremendous effort of will. It was her last hope. Her face buried in the pillows, Sally sobbed herself to sleep that night, and when she awoke the next morning, her husband had already left for work ... It was now eleven in the morning, Rod had hardly been able to concentrate at all with his mind preoccupied by the meeting that was to take place. When lunch time finally rolled around, he experienced a feeling of great relief as he threw on his coat and headed out the office door. At noon he met Nestor Burns in a booth at the Circle Diner in South Philadelphia. Taking his seat opposite the disheveled private detective, he folded his hands on the table determined to get down to business immediately. "What's this information you were hinting at over the phone?" Rod began, fixing Burns with his steel-blue business-like eyes. The detective cracked a wry smile and said. "It's nothing definite now, you understand. But you know I've been following your wife for over two weeks now." "Yes, I know," Rod said impatiently. "Well, I think your suspicions just might pan out. I have reason to believe your wife is planning a rendezvous with a certain party this Friday night." It was a stroke of genius Burns thought. The Baxter dame really would be gone, but her rendezvous was going to be right in Nestor Burn's apartment. Her absence on Friday night would make Rod Baxter think that he, Burns, had actually turned up some evidence on her. That way, Baxter would be less likely to complain about the extra money he was going to pay ... "Just who is this certain party," Rod demanded after a long silence. "Now, now, Mr. Baxter," Burns cautioned calmly. "I told you it's nothing definite, but I'm sure you'll want me to check it out." Burns smiled inwardly as he realized that Baxter was hooked now. He had just jumped at the bait ... But for a moment Rod eyed the detective suspiciously. He had been a good lawyer for too long not to know a con man like Burns. Any minute now, this detective was going to throw him a pitch for more money. The problem was, he could also be telling the truth, and if there were any chance Sally had been cheating on him, he wanted to find out. He loved her too much not to know the score however painful it might be. "Of course, Mr. Baxter, this is going to involve an additional fee for expenses," Burns continued. "Two hundred fifty dollars." At the detective's words Rod paused for a moment, giving Burns a thorough once-over. And then reluctantly he reached into his coat pocket and began making out the check. By Friday evening, Nestor Burns was on top of the world, while at the same time Sally Baxter was sinking slowly into the depths of depression. After receiving Baxter's check at lunch on Monday, Burns had gone directly to the bank to cash it. On Tuesday when Rocky Olson paid his visit, the detective's luck had finally turned. First thing, he paid Olson back his two hundred dollars. Next thing, he wangled Olson into a card game that very evening. By two in the morning as the chips were cashed in, Burns found that he had won back the two hundred dollars plus an extra fifty. "Well, I'll be damned," Olson had muttered in genuine surprise, "I never thought I'd see you actually win a game." "Try me again, sweetheart," Burns laughed. "The bank's open all week." And sure enough, Olson had taken up the detective's offer. From Tuesday on, Nestor Burns' apartment had turned into a casino, and by early Friday evening empty whiskey bottles were strewn all over the bare wood floor. An old shoe box on the big sturdy table in the middle of the living room bulged with green bills. The room was choking with thick smoke from cigars and cigarettes, and in the very center of it, three exhausted men played on with an air of intense concentration ... Burns, Rocky Olson and a tall, powerful man who went by the nickname of Slope. By seven-thirty that evening Olson was muttering disgustedly to himself. He had removed his shirt and his powerful muscles bulged out from under his tee-shirt. Every few minutes he ran his stubby fingers through the thick locks of his dark greasy hair, as though in an effort to keep himself awake. Next to him, Slope hunched over the table blinking his eyes to keep awake. The oversized wiry man was nearly seven feet tall, and his hands spread out almost to the size of catcher's-mits to conceal the cards within them. Burns chortled to himself as his two cronies agonized over their hands. He was sitting in a throne on top of the world, and nothing was going to knock him off. For the first time in ages he was winning ... winning big, but that wasn't the half of it. At eight o'clock the luscious little Baxter bitch was going to walk through the door of his apartment with a handbag stuffed full of bills ... five thousand bucks, and every penny of it was gong to be for Nestor Burns. With that kind of stake he could clean these guys out of every cent. "For Christ's sake," Olson grumbled. "I can't even see any more." "Keep playin' baby," Burns urged. He wasn't about to let anybody drop out of the game now. "You sure you ain't playin' with a marked deck?" the giraffe-like man muttered. "You looked at the deck three times already, Slope. What do you want me to do, wash it off with soap?" "When's this dame comin' that you were talkin' about all week? That's the only reason I'm stickin' around," Rocky said. "Me too," Slope grumbled. "Soon, soon," Burns assured them. * * * Sally couldn't help but notice the suspicious way Rod had been keeping an eye on her on Friday evening at dinner. She was so nervous thinking about getting those films back she had burned the roast and dropped two dishes as she cleared the table. Fortunately, though, he had not pressed her about where she was going. It was as though he had steeled himself against some inevitable disaster. Shortly after dinner he had retired to the den and turned on the television. She could hear it blaring out from downstairs now as she hurried up to the bedroom. Once inside she clicked the door shut and locked it. Nervously, her trembling fingers counted out the large bills she had stuffed inside her handbag ... five thousand dollars exactly. It had been pure hell getting the money, and as a last resort she had been forced to go to a finance company, pledging the Jaguar, which was in her name, as collateral. Quickly now she wrapped a rubber band around the bulging wad of money and stuffed it back inside as she prayed that this would be the end of it all ... That money was the last hope to ransom her freedom. Why, why, she sighed despairingly, had she let herself get carried away with those young boys at the park? Thank God she was being given a second chance. All she had to do now was pay off that horrible detective, and then she would be free. And once she was free, she was going to get rid of her horrible panty compulsion no matter how hard it would be. The calling card on which she had scribbled the detective's address was stuffed deep inside her handbag, and with her fingers shaking violently, she fished it out to glance at the number one last time. It was then that she heard the creaking noise outside the bedroom door. Her heart caught in her throat and pounded violently ... Silence. She could hear the blood ringing in her ears but then as quickly as the sudden fear had seized her, it disappeared. She heard Rod's footsteps treading lightly away from the door over the padded hallway carpet unto the bathroom. She had to act quickly now. She had to leave while her husband was still in the bathroom and since she would be gone only for a couple of hours, it would be easy enough to come up with an alibi for the hundreds of questions Rod was going to ask her. Mustering all the courage in her soul, Sally crumpled up the address and flung it into the wastebasket next to the bed. Then she hurried out the bedroom door down the stairs and outside to the garage. From inside the bathroom Rod Baxter could hear the roar of the Jaguar as its engine started. This was it, he thought painfully to himself. The detective had been right after all. Sally was cheating on him. A deep pang of hurt stabbed at his heart as he peered out the bathroom window out of the driveway and roar down the neat tree-shaded suburban street ... * * * "I've had it," Rocky Olson grumbled in exhaustion as he slapped his cards down on the table. "Me too," Slope agreed. "It's ten after eight, and this chick ain't even showed up yet." "I thought you guys wanted to play cards," Burns chided. "Enough is enough. We been playin' cards all week." "All right, all right," Burns conceded, taking a glance at his watch. He was getting worried now, but the sudden ringing of the doorbell caused his face to light up in a big smile of relief. "Come in, the door's open, baby," Burns sang out sweetly. A second later the door was pushed hesitantly open to reveal a tall voluptuous young woman dressed in a daring short suede miniskirt. "Well, I'll be---" Olson whistled under his breath, hardly able to believe his eyes. Slope's jaw dropped. "Come in, Mrs. Baxter," Burns repeated and as she obeyed, the hungry eyes of the poker players followed her lithely enticing form, fixing on her as though she were a love goddess from another planet. The long willowy columns of her luscious legs rose gracefully from her high-heeled leather shoes, flared out alluringly just above the knee and disappeared beneath her skimpy suede miniskirt. Her shimmering pink silk blouse could barely contain the warmly swelling mounds of her breasts beneath, and the golden locks of her lustrous blonde hair flowed down in light buoyant curls to her shoulders. Her hands curled casually through the straps of her pocketbook, and try though she might, she could barely conceal their trembling nervousness. "I believe we have some business, Mr. Burns," she announced as calmly as she could. "Right this way ... You remember the bedroom don't you, Mrs. Baxter?" Burns said in sadistic delight as she blushed at his words. The detective's cronies followed her with their eyes in silent amazement as she disappeared into the shabby bedroom and the door shut behind her. "Here's your money," Sally said finally as she coldly handed him the rolled up wad of bills. God, she wanted nothing more than to leave this horrible apartment as quickly as possible. Already the bitter memories of her indecent humiliation here were beginning to lewdly flood her mind. "Now---I would like the films." Burns undid the rubber band and began counting the bills rapidly, wetting his fingers with the tip of his tongue. "That's right, Mrs. Baxter ... exactly right," he said as he stuffed it into the front pocket of his trousers. "Now the films, please," she demanded impatiently. Uppity little bitch, Burns thought to himself. He'd like to teach her a thing or two before she slipped through his hands. "Sure, sure ... Nestor Burns is as good as his word," the detective smiled lewdly. Brushing past her, he crawled beneath the bed and began searching for the film canister. For a Long moment, however, he hesitated even though he had already located what he was looking for. It had all been so easy, he thought to himself. This Baxter bitch was a real pushover, and it was a shame to let her go now ... especially with that snotty attitude of hers. Hell, he would just love to hear her begging and screaming for cock the way he had forced her to do before. Besides, she just might be the extra added attraction to keep Rocky and Slope at the gaming table while he took their money. Slowly he withdrew the film canister from under the bed and straightened up to face her, his hands still tightly clutching it on either side. "G-give it to me," Sally stammered hesitantly, reaching impulsively for it. In a sudden frantic effort she tried to jerk it away from the detective, but he merely cracked a wide, lewd smile. "Not so fast, Mrs. Baxter ... There's one more thing ..." "You promised," she hissed vehemently through clenched teeth. "You said you would give it to me." Her fiery blue eyes bored fiercely into the detective's snidely smiling face. "Sure, sure," Burns said soothingly. "But how do you know I didn't make another print?" Her eyes, livid with rage now, flashed angrily at him. "You-you couldn't," she faltered. Casually, he tossed the film canister on the bed as she remained helplessly paralyzed with rage. She should have know it all along. He had tricked her, and she had fallen for it. "I suppose it's more money you want?" "Not at all, Mrs. Baxter," Burns said graciously. "I'm going to give you a chance to win back those films." "Win back---what do you mean?" "I'm going to let you join our little poker game out there." "But I hardly---" "It's all right," he offered generously. "We'll teach you. Poker is a very simple game. In fact, it's mostly luck." "I-I don't understand," Sally stammered in confusion. "You don't want my money, but you want me to play poker." "That's right, Mrs. Baxter ... strip poker. All you need is your clothes to play." Sally's mouth opened in amazement, but the words choked in her throat. Suddenly she began to feel dizzy. She had seen the repulsive sweaty looking men in the other room, and the very sight of them had sent shivers of disgust running up her spine. Now she was being asked to play strip poker with them. Her whole body rebelled against the thought until tears of rage choked her eyes. "You have no choice, Mrs. Baxter," Burns reminded her. "And besides, you know you'll like it ... You'll like showing my friends those sexy little panties of yours, won't you?" Burns' voice had become low and hypnotic as he moved toward her slowly, inch by inch. Her eyes glazed with fright, she back away from him toward the wall behind her. "Noooo, noo," she pleaded hoarsely. "You have no choice, Mrs. Baxter," Burns repeated in a low soothing voice, and before she knew what was happening she could feel his body pressing tightly against hers, his hot whiskey-laden breath inflaming the pure white softness of her cheeks. "No ... No ... I won't," she protested vainly, shaking her head from side to side as he closed in on her. The detective's hand suddenly dropped against her tightly clenched legs and began moving up toward the hem of her dress. Slowly it glided in between the warmly trembling flesh of her thighs. Frozen in fear, she could feel his fingers traveling up, up over her smooth nylon stockings toward the thin strip of the brief white bikini panties, nestled like a soft warm pillow between her legs as she stood rigid he backed against the wall. "You'll like showing us those flimsy little panties of yours ... just the way you did to those young boys." "Please ... please!" Sally squealed. "You have no choice," he repeated again as his hand slowly withdrew from up between her legs. "My friends are waiting." Sally closed her eyes in desperation and leaned her head back against the wall. There was no choice now, there was nothing else she could do but face her fate. And perhaps there was a chance ... some slight chance that she could escape the humiliation Burns had planned for her. "Are you coming?" Burns breathed against her cheek. "Yes ... yes ... I'm coming," she choked. The excited whisperings that had passed between the two amazed men in the other room died down as Burns emerged followed by the beautiful woman. "We got a new player," he announced, pulling up a chair for her. "This should keep up your interest in the game." As the lewdly grinning faces followed her every move, Sally eased herself into the chair Burns offered, her arms remaining rigidly at her sides. God, she shivered, how repulsive these men are. The dark-haired one was already undressing her with his greedy eyes and she could see his tongue wetly licking his lips. The tall one sitting directly across from her looked almost like a moron, his mouth hanging agape, his massive hands cupped together like gigantic sledge hammers on the table. Burns, meanwhile, had disappeared once again into the bedroom to find clean glasses, telling himself he was going to ply that Baxter bitch with booze until she loosened up enough to spread her long legs and swallow some great big cocks inside that dean little pussy of hers. He had an idea the evening might turn into just a little bit more than a strip poker game, and Nestor Burns was not about to miss out on the fun---especially if it could be turned to his profit. Hell, Rocky and Slope would have their eyes so glued on that chick they'd forget how to play cards! By the time Burns returned to the other room, Rocky was in the midge of explaining the game of poker to the frightened woman. "Now, you think you understand?" he was saying, his bare arm around the back of her chair. "Of course, she understands," the detective said jovially as he slid into his seat. "Now what d'ya say we cut cards?" Sally's throat suddenly felt parched and dry with fear. She knew the basic rules of the game, and the practice hands had refreshed her memory, but still it was an uphill battle, though she had made up her mind to fight it with the best of her ability. Sitting rigidly on the edge of her chair, she watched the detective scoop up the cards in preparation for the first hand. "Ante up," Burns commanded, as he shuffled the deck, his fingers expertly bending the cards to his will. Olson and Slope leered conspiratorially at each other and tossed their chips on the table. "Don't I get any chips?" Sally asked in a quavering voice. The three men exchanged amazed glances and suddenly burst out in loud guffaws. "No, baby, you use your clothes, remember? This is strip poker," Burns reminded her. Sally's face turned red amid the roaring laughter of the uncouth men surrounding her. It was hopeless to run away now. She needed those films desperately, and this was the only way she was going to get them. Hesitantly she pushed her chair back and stretched out her leg, reaching for the buckle of her patent leather shoe. God, she thought, they were really going to make her go through with this. Rocky's eyes riveted on the silk smoothness of her enticingly outstretched leg as he bent forward to observe it closely. While Sally struggled with the dainty silver buckle her miniskirt rode up high on her deliciously flaring thighs to reveal the black lace of her garter belt to Olson's lewdly leering eyes. She jerked at the strap clumsily and slid the shoe off her foot. "I'll see you and raise two," Olson announced confidently as Sally slid the shoe across the table into the pile of chips. "I'll see you and pass," Slope said dumbly. Rocky glared at him for not raising. Hell, his bulging cock was already throbbing crazily in his pants, and he wasn't about to wait all night to get this beautiful little bitch undressed. "Call," Burns snapped, his eyes fixed lewdly on the beautiful woman he was going to humiliate. "W-what does that mean?" Sally croaked hoarsely. "That means you owe two more, baby," Burns informed her. Sally shifted to the other side of the chair away from Olson's lascivious gaze, but it was hopeless. Now she was directly in Burns' line of sight, and as he glowered at her lasciviously a shiver of repulsion swept up her spine. Her fingers worked rapidly to undo her other shoe. She wanted to get this over with as soon as she could. Hurriedly she slid the shoe off and piled it on top of the first one. "Un uh, baby. You owe one more," Rocky snarled. "One more?" "Stop playing dumb," Burns snapped. "Take off your stocking." It was hopeless, she thought to herself as she saw the glazed lewd look on the detective's face. There was no way to escape the humiliation that Burns had planned for her. Her fingers trembling, she bent forward again on the chair, stretching the firm voluptuous whiteness of her leg out to its full length. She could feel the coolness of the bare floor against the bottom of her stocking clad foot now. All three men bent forward eagerly, their eyes devouring the lusciously beautiful woman who was beginning to roll the hem of her suede miniskirt back up over her full firm thighs. Her fingers were shaking so desperately she could barely undo the garter snap. "Need some help?" Burns leered, edging his way over to her. Before she realized what was happening he was kneeling on the floor in front of her. His powerful hands gripped her foot and ground it up in between his legs against his crotch so that she could feel the hard rigid bulge inside his pants. As her toes squirmed against it in revulsion, it suddenly leaped up even harder inside his pants. While his one hand held her foot in place between his legs, the other hand slid slowly up the length of her stocking sheathed calf, up over the trembling whiteness of the back of her thigh. She could see his tongue lewdly licking his lips as his fingers curled underneath the top of her stocking. She sat rigid, her entire body immobilized in fear, and in spite of herself she could feel the first tiny sparks of desire beginning to lick at her loins, as she found herself being undressed in front of these obscenely leering men. She shivered as Burns jerked the stocking rudely away from the garter snap, and his fingers began to massage the white tremulous softness of her naked young thigh. Slowly, inch by inch his hands guided the smooth material of the stocking down over the ripely flaring curie of her leg, brushing against her voluptuously naked thigh and sending Apples of sensation reverberating upward to the pit of her belly. With a sudden jerking motion, he pulled her foot harder against his stiffening penis, trapping it between his legs, gliding the stocking up over her heel and away. She jerked her leg, but his hands closed over her ankle in a vise-tight grip. Involuntarily, her toes squirmed against the lust-bloated sac of his balls beneath. Finally he released her, and she withdrew her leg quickly beneath her chair. "Who wants cards?" Burns said, resuming his place, dangling the stocking like a trophy in the air above the chips. Slowly, tantalizingly he let it slide between his fingers and drop to the table. Then he sat down and began to deal the cards expertly, snapping them crisply out of the deck. When it came Sally's turn to draw, she could feel the flashing eyes lewdly fastened on her as the detective laid all three cards slowly on the table in front of her one by one. Her fingers trembled as she slid them into her hand, and before she had time to study them, she could hear Burns' booming voice: "What's your bet baby? Remember ... you can still win." She could hear their silent snickering now as she held the cards close to her, studying them intensely---a pair of queens and a pair of sevens. Two pairs were a good hand, even she knew that, but still her fingers twitched involuntarily as she held the cards in a clumsy fan. "If I win this I want the films," she said finally, fighting to retain her dignity. "The films are worth more than one," Burns growled. "You gotta bet two," his shifty eyes darted back and forth between the other two players. "The little lady's got guts," Olson admitted, his gaze sliding down her long willowy legs as Burns drummed his fingers thoughtfully on the table. "Go ahead, give her a chance," Slope said dumbly, and with that, Burns broke into a wide smile. With three Jacks in his hand it was a safe bet. Besides, the way his cock was whipping around inside his pants, he wanted to see this little bitch stripped naked, and he wasn't about to waste the whole night trying to get what he wanted. "I'll bet two," Sally blurted out daringly. She was sure she could win the films back now. "Okay, you're on," Burns said finally. For a long moment, Sally hesitated as the pairs of leeringly excited eyes turned on her. It was now or never, she thought to herself. She had to win this hand, and with two other witnesses, she was bound to get the films back from Burns. Slowly, reluctantly she pushed her short skirt up over her thighs and undid her garter strap. Her fingers pushed the rippling sheerness of her remaining thigh, and she laid the stocking neatly on the table. "One more, baby, one more. Take that pretty little blouse off and let's see those nice tits of yours." The detective's salacious language burned in her ears and her trembling hands moved up from her lap to the top button of her pink silk blouse. "That's it baby," Burns drawled. "Take it off, nice and slow. Give us a nice big tease." Her cheeks burned at his insolent words, but with tortuous slowness, she slipped the first button loose to reveal the pale expanse of her upper chest to the insatiable eyes of the three obscenely staring men. Now her fingers tremblingly descended to the second button and released it from the buttonhole. The loose blouse teasingly parted to reveal a hint of the deep narrow cleavage that swelled beneath. She could feel their lascivious glances boring into her as sharp pangs of wicked excitement charged up her spine in spite of the horrible situation she found herself in. God, they were leering at her like they wanted to run their hands and their tongues all over her panties. "Come on, we ain't got all night," Rocky barked irritably. Hurriedly, Sally's fingers undid the last two buttons and, closing her eyes, she yanked the blouse out from the waist band of her skirt. As she leaned forward to slide it off her arms, the voluptuously rounded mounds of her breasts swelled up tantalizingly from her scanty-white half-bra. She held the blouse daintily in her hand now, and let it drop to the middle of the table. Little by little the last vestiges of her feminine protection were being stripped away from her. Her nylon stockings and shoes lay in a wanton slatternly heap beneath the blouse which had just joined them. She had to win now, she had to. She prayed desperately to herself, but the hand was not over yet. There were still two more players to go. This was the moment of truth ... "I raise one," Rocky said suddenly, tossing his chip into the pile. "One more," Slope drooled gleefully. This bitch had had it now. He was going to enjoy watching her in naked humiliation, as she stripped her clothes off one by one. "I ... I ... can't ... please," Sally protested weakly. It was obvious they did not care about the game any more. They had only one thing in their minds, to shame and humiliate her in front of them and they were going to keep raising the bets until her defenseless young body was stripped naked. "You better," Rocky warned grimly, his dark eyes flashing at her. The fierce tone of his command stifled all resistance in her, and there was something about his massive sweating masculinity that sent unwanted waves of lewd desire pulsing through her loins. She could feel the grip of the familiar nervous trembling seizing her again as her hands stretched behind her back to reach for the snaps of her brassiere. She pulled clumsily at the flimsy elastic band, the bulging mounds of her full sensuous breasts protruding firmly outward as she straightened her back. In spite of her fear and repulsion the excitement of stripping herself in front of these uncouth men caused her wetly throbbing pussy to swell in obscene desire. She could feel the sharp-pointed buds of her nipples springing out yearningly against the restraint of her silk-lined brassiere ... And suddenly her fumbling fingers undid the snaps. She held the two ends tantalizingly behind her back for a long moment, and then let it fall loose. As she slid it down over her shoulders, the firm twin mounds of her ripely upthrust breasts burst forth to the excited gazes of the watching males. "That's what I call tits," Slope whistled, his eyes wide with amazement, a leering grin playing on his lips. Sally shuddered at the thought of her unwanted nakedness and folded her arms across her breasts in a futile effort to hide herself from the raw lustful gazes. Only her suede miniskirt, which was little bigger than a loin cloth now stood between her and her panties. "Let's see what you got," Burns boomed from across the table. Sucking in her breath, Sally spread the cards out face up on the table, revealing two pair. "Beats me," Olson growled as he threw his cards down. "Pair of queens, beats me too," Slope echoed. It was up to Burns now. God, Sally prayed, I've got to win now ... I just have to. She prayed Burns would stop teasing her like this. If only she could pick up the film and get going. Please, please she prayed fervently, lose this hand. For a long moment the heavy-set detective sat impassively without saying a word. The serious expression on his face fed Sally's prayers. Yes, yes, she thought, he must have a losing hand, why else would he look so grim. Her arms hugged her bare shoulders tightly as she squeezed her fists together in tense expectation. The suspense was killing her, but suddenly it was all over. Burns' poker face gradually began dissolving into a broad grin, until his lips bared back over his teeth and he began to laugh boisterously. He tilted his head back and the laughter roared uncontrollably from his throat. "Three of a kind," he said finally, his eyes glowing in triumph. "But ... but," Sally faltered. "Sorry, baby, you lose. Three of a kind always beats two pair." Burns' large powerful hands descended on the table like the hungry talons of a ravenous bird and he swept the booty toward him, Sally watching in shame as he scooped up her hopelessly abandoned articles of clothing. "I'll tell you what I'll do," she could hear his voice droning. "I'll give you another chance." Sally did not answer. Her face flushed at the outrageous thought of exposing her body in the horrible room surrounded by these filthy men. But there was nothing she could do. She could only nod her head weakly while Burns dealt out another hand. As the cards flicked down on the table, she could feel Olson's callused hand gliding softly up and down her back. She turned and glared at him with all the ferocious hatred she could muster, but he simply responded with a leering grin and his fingers continued their teasing ministration. Her whole body quivered at his touch. "Let's have the ante," Burns said impatiently. "What do you mean ... the ante?" Sally choked. "Your clothes, baby, remember you're playin' for your clothes. Now take them off." "But ... I can't," she pleaded. "There's only my skirt." "Do you want those films or don't ya?" Burns reminded her. "Yes ... yes," Sally cried in tortured confusion. She could feel tears of anger and rage choking her eyes now as she fought a desperate battle to maintain her dignity. Suddenly, in her anger, she sprang up from her chair and her hands shot down to the zipper of her miniskirt. All thought of modesty had fled from her mind now, and in its place anger and determination reigned supreme. She had to get those films back, she would do anything at all to get them ... even making love with that horrible detective again if he demanded it. The eagerly excited males at the poker table followed the sensual young woman's every movement with rapt attention as she undid the zipper of her skirt and released the belt buckle. For a long, agonizing moment her poised fingers clutched at the waistband of her skirt. Pangs of unwanted lust began to shoot even more strongly inside her anxiously quivering loins as the foul men surrounding her, fixed her with obscene burning gazes. God, she was feeling the same nervousness now that she had experienced before exposing herself to the young boys. Confused thoughts whirled crazily through her mind ... Pull yourself together, Sally, a small voice inside her brain whispered desperately. You can't degrade and humiliate yourself in front of these horrible men. But at the same time, a louder voice was telling her. They won't hurt you. Sally. They just want to shove their penises deep up inside your panties. No one will ever know, no one will ever know. You've got to please them. You've got to get those films back. Sally's eyes fixed on a distant corner of the room to escape the hot flashing eyes of her tormentors. It was as though suddenly she had been turned into a zombie. And now, deliberately tantalizing the sex-hungry men surrounding her, she hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the soft suede skirt and began sliding it down over the flaring curves of her ripely flaring hips to reveal the naked trembling flesh of her belly. For a long tantalizing moment her thumbs remained poised inside the waistband as their eager eyes roamed hungrily over the proud nakedness of her voluptuously protruding breasts and down over the sensual curves of her hips. That's it, baby," Bums goaded. "Just take that skirt off and show us those little panties of yours." "Yeah, let's get a look at that hot little pussy of yours," Olson grunted cruelly. The harshly spoken obscenities sent shivers of forbidden pleasure trembling up her spine. Automatically her thumbs pulled against the soft suede material, slowly gliding the skirt down over the shimmering silk of her panties. For a long lingering second her fingers teasingly clung to the skirt, and finally, sucking in her breath she let it drop in a heap at her feet. The hungry eyes of the lust crazed men devoured her lush young body dressed only in panties. She had done it! She was standing almost naked in front of them ... naked except for the flimsy protection of her brief bikini panties. The earlier sensations of shame and humiliation suddenly gave way to electrically tingling lust. Now there was only a thin band of silk protecting her moistly aroused loins from the hungry desires of these sex-crazed men. God ... she thought suddenly. If I lose now, they'll want more. They'll want to strip me of my panties. The horrible thought raced crazily through her mind ... she would not let them take her panties, not under any circumstances. No man had ever done that ... not even her husband. She had to win this hand, she just had to. "Let's play cards," Rocky growled, but she could see from the obscene glint in his eye that cards were the farthest thing from his mind. Rod Baxter had never been so upset in his life. For over an hour he had vainly tried to calm himself down, lighting a cigarette as he paced the bedroom floor. Everything pointed to his wife having an affair with another man, but none of it made sense. Why was she doing it? Who was the man? Confused thoughts echoed in his mind as he flicked his cigarette ash in the ash tray at one end of the room and then paced to the other ends flicking it again, this time in the wastebasket. Now for the first time he noticed the single piece of white paper crumpled in the bottom of the basket. Out of curiosity he reached down and extracted it. When he had unfolded it he found that it was Nestor Burn's calling card with another telephone number scribbled on the back. For the life of him, he could not remember throwing such a thing in the trash. For one thing it would have been foolish to do ... Sally would have suspected she was being followed. Too, the writing on the back was clearly in a woman's hand, his experienced eyes told hint ... and suddenly he realized it was Sally's hand writing. Now nothing made sense to Rod. How had Sally gotten hold of the card? And whose number had she written down on the back of it? One thing was for certain, he was going to find out! That forgotten piece of trash might just be the clue he needed to crack open this mystery. Rod reached excitedly for the bedroom phone ... * * * "If you want those films back, you better start takin' off those little panties of yours," Burns snarled with a menacing glare at the nakedly shivering woman. Her heart throbbed excitedly inside her chest, but fortunately, at that moment the phone rang in the bedroom. Burns glared at her and finally rose from his chair to answer it. "Don't worry, I'll be back, and if I don't see those panties of yours on the table, there's gonna be trouble." Inside the bedroom the detective picked up the phone and remained on the line just long enough for Rod Baxter to identify his voice. "Hello, hello?" Burns had shouted irritably into the receiver. "Who is this anyway?" But when the line remained dead, he slammed down the phone and returned to the other room. "It looks like this little bitch ain't gonna take off her panties," Olson snarled, as the detective emerged from the bedroom doorway. "I got an idea," the tall, gangling Slope announced suddenly. "Since she don't wanta take her panties off, let her play for somethin' else." "Like what?" Olson demanded. "Like how about a couple of licks at those little panties of hers?" The harsh words hit Sally like a fist in the stomach. It was not bad enough that they had stripped her naked in their presence. Now they were going to demand the lewdest and most vile acts imaginable from her. "I won't ... I won't do it," she protested violently. "Give my clothes, I'm getting out of here." "The fuck you are," Burns cursed, his hands clamping her wrists as she desperately tried to grab her clothes from across the table. "You'll do exactly what I say or else those little films of mine are gonna be in every law firm in Philadelphia." "Let's keep this game simple, what d'ya say, Nestor?" Rocky suggested. "High card wins!" "Okay," Burns agreed, chuckling at the enraged woman. Rocky's hands came down on her shoulders like a ton of bucks, forcing her back in the chair. They stared at her menacingly until she finally set it down. Then Burns resumed his seat and began dealing the cards face up. Sally's nearly paralyzed body trembled in fear as Burns dealt himself a ten. But the waves of fear subsided quickly as he turned up the King of Hearts in front of her. She was safe now, she breathed in relief. Finally she had been lucky. The nine of clubs fell to Olson next. There was only one card left, and with her hands tightly clenched, her arms crossed over her breasts. Sally prayed that it would be low. Burns leaned over toward Slope, the top card face down in his fingers. For a long tantalizing moment he held still and then he dealt it. Sally gasped in horror. It was the ace of spades. She could hear the blood ringing in her ears. Suddenly the room fell dead with a tomb-like silence. Slope snorted, a gleeful look of desire in his eyes. Without a moment's hesitation, he moved his chair back from the table, and spread his legs apart. "Come on, baby!" Rocky urged. "Give the big man a lick at those panties of yours." He grinned eagerly and gave her a slight push up from her chair. Slope's moronic face was contorted in a mask of animalistic lust and as he spread his legs apart he motioned her toward him with his hands. Sally fought against the strong feelings of revulsion rising inside her, but there was nothing she could do. They were determined to humiliate her, and she could only please them. In a zombie-like trance she moved toward the open vee of his legs, her naked feet cringing against the bare wooden floor. Only the sound of rapid heavy breathing punctuated the tense silence of the room now. Inch by inch she moved closer until she could feel Slope's hands curling around the soft cheeks of her buttocks, his huge fingers pressing against the sheer silk of her panties as he drew her fearfully trembling body in between his legs. His glazed eyes stared moronically up at her proud uplifting breasts in naked lust, and suddenly, his hands pulling her panty-clad pussy toward him, he plunged forward and buried his face between her invitingly firm thighs. A strange animalistic growl rumbled through his chest, making her jump with fright. Sally struggled and squealed at the sudden assault, gripping his head, trying to force it away from the tender crotch band of her panties. "Ooooooh God, noooo!" she pleaded in agony, clenching her eyes tightly shut, but her squirming protest went ignored, as Slope's tongue flicked out and up the sensitive naked flesh of her inner thighs. Sally threw back her head and winced at the sudden contact with the moistly clinging silk of her panties. Greedily, the big man's tongue began to lick in tantalizing circles at the panty-covered lips of her vagina. It flicked relentlessly against the flimsy material, and traced slow tortured circles around the wetly quivering mound. "Noooo, no," Sally squealed, her hands locking tightly into his hair as she tried desperately to push his head away from her vaginal area. But the more she struggled the more excited the huge man became. His thumbs slipped under the elastically yielding crotch band and his fingers locked on her buttocks, twisting and squeezing them as his tongue pushed the shimmering material up in between the lips of her hotly throbbing pussy. Oh God, she thought now, I'm lost. I can't fight this anymore. He's licking my panties. And as the horrible thoughts of submission ran wild through her mind, her pelvis suddenly jerked up hard in helpless passion against the monstrous man's face. His talon-like fingers dug into her sensually rounded buttocks as his tongue sawed deeper and deeper up into her wetly palpitating cunt. "Jesus, look at her go," Rocky swore in amazement as he bent forward in his chair to view the salacious spectacle. "Goddamn, what a pussy!" Burns gasped. Her wildly twisting loins bucked and swayed against the relentless tongue lewdly licking at her cunt. She could feel Slope's rough beard grinding harshly against the trembling flesh of her inner thighs as his head burrowed feverishly up against the eager throbbing bulge of her cunt. "God no, God no ... stop ..." she pleaded, yanking frenziedly at the tall man's head, for a moment trying to push it away and then finding herself pushing it harder and harder in against her savagely bucking pussy. "God, I can't stand it anymore," Rocky suddenly bellowed, springing from his chair. He leaped down in back of the squirming woman and fell to his knees, fastening his hands around her naked curving calves. Excitedly he thrust his head between her slightly parted legs and began tracing light tickling trails up the back of her quivering white thighs with his tongue. Sally jerked forward at the unexpected wet contact against the backs of her thighs and as she did so another low animal growl broke from Slope's throat and his tongue shot up even deeper into her hotly throbbing pussy. "Aaaaaagh!" Sally mewled wantonly, her whole body shivering from the unexpected sensations of forbidden lust that rippled over her spine. Wanton sounds of loud hunger were rumbling from Rocky's chest as he licked at the narrow deep crevice of her ass. Suddenly his wet, snake-like tongue thrust out hard against the flimsy panty silk and glided into the thin opening between her trembling ass-cheeks. "Oh God, God stop!" she cried frantically, as her body deserted her. She had to stop, she had to, before everything was lost. The ceaseless licking of her loins was sending showers of obscene sparks all through her hopelessly aroused body. But again her pleas went unheeded and now she could feel a third pair of hands circling around her naked belly and gliding up toward her fearfully swaying breasts. All thoughts of poker had fled from Nestor Burn's mind now as he joined the other two eager men in their greedy assault on the madly squirming young housewife's body. His hands cupped the richly trembling mounds of her breasts and he began kneading the firm hot flesh until wanton cries of lewd aroused abandon escaped uncontrollably from her tortured lips. "Oh, oooooh, oooooh," she cried, her head flailing from side to side. "Stop, stop, please stop!" Burn's fingers tweaked her small pink nipples into rigid hardness as he heatedly stretched and rolled them. All around her fingers and tongues were licking and pricking her body, building up the wild wanton sensations, until she thought she was going to explode! It was now or never, Sally thought to herself. She had to break away now from this horrible assault on her body. Films or no films, she could not let herself be degraded like this. Suddenly, mustering all the strength inside her, she tore away from the savagely excited men who had sandwiched around her. Arms and legs flailed out at her as she dashed desperately for the door, but she had not managed to get halfway across the room when Rocky suddenly caught hold of her arms and dragged her back toward the table. "Let me go, let me go," she pleaded, tears choking her eyes. "Not on your life, bitch," Rocky growled crudely. "Get down on your knees." Other hands reached out to grab at her nakedly trembling body, but Rocky pulled her away from them. "It's my turn," he bellowed. "Me first, and then you guys can have a crack at her, you understand?" His narrow eyes glared at the other two men, and they sensed immediately that he meant what he said. "Now get down on your knees," Rocky commanded again. Sally could see the cold cruelness in his eyes, and she obeyed immediately and sank sobbing, to the floor, her loins still hotly trembling from the feverish assault on them moments ago. In one swift motion, Rocky reached for his chair and sat it down in front of her kneeling body. Majestically he sat down on it and spread his legs apart as she cowered before him. "Suck me," he commanded. "W-What," Sally stammered. She had never heard anyone speak to her that way in her life. "You heard me," he repeated. "Suck my cock." She was only about two feet away from him now, kneeling in total submission in front of him. Suddenly, as though in some terrible nightmare, she saw his hands reach out and felt his fingers tangling in her flailing hair. His huge hands cupped her head and drew it toward his thick bulging penis as he ground his loins up against her face so that she could feel the hardness of his already erect cock beneath the rough material of his pants. She closed her eyes in bitter submission, determined to go through with the horrible act without a fight. "Pull it out for me, baby," he hissed through lewdly contorted lips, twisting her long blonde hair in his hands until she thought he would rip it from her head by the roots. She reached forward hurriedly to do his bidding and fumbled with the zipper on his pants to release the giant throbbing shaft of hard flesh underneath. "Hurry up, hurry up!" Burns shouted, excitedly, from behind her. "Rocky's gonna cum in his pants before you even get there." Finally, after she had fumbled for another moment, the huge fleshy instrument burst excitedly into the air through the unzipped fly. Rocky grabbed her hand and wrapped it around the rapidly thickening penis, skinning it back so that the giant red-fleshed head popped out from the thick foreskin a scant few inches from her eyes. Then his hands were at her lips, forcing open her mouth. He inched his hotly pulsating cock-head forward until it rubbed lightly against her teeth. She could see down the full length of the rigidly throbbing member. It must have been eight inches long. She hesitated a moment, sickened by the thought of her mouth being used as a receptacle of lust by a total stranger and the lewd sperm he was going to pump down her unwilling throat. Suddenly, Rocky's eager hands jerked her head toward the massive pole of flesh and his cock rammed forward into the warm saliva of her mouth. She could feel the giant head sliding wetly up the full length of her tongue inside, the tiny droplets of pre-ejaculate seeping from it, filling the warm cavern between her cheeks with its pungent salty taste. His hips on the chair began a slow undulation, the long thick cock sliding in and out of her mouth with a wet sucking sound guided by his large meaty hands gripped tightly in her hair. The two other men crowded close to watch the puffing of her cheeks as Rocky pushed his thrusting penis up between her tightly clasping lips. Suddenly, from behind she could feel coarse, rough hands over the smooth ivory flesh of her naked back ... hands that circled around her torso and began roving up underneath the full roundness of her breasts, tweaking and twisting the small buds of her nipples into licentious excitement; then slowly running them back up the sides of her naked young body over the hour glass curves of her narrow waist. She could feel the fingers crawling over her kneeling body as her head rose and fell on the thick expanding cock in front of her. She could see small tufts of dark pubic hair curling out around the base where it left the open fly. Her mind wandered in semi-conscious thought. Nothing mattered anymore except to get this horrible ordeal over with. She began sucking to please, running her tongue wetly around and around the pulsing lubricated head, at the end, flicking the tip teasingly into the tiny slit until she could feel it throbbing as though it had a life of its own and would erupt at any minute into a great gushing fountain of cum that would flow into her mouth and throat in a never-ending stream. She would never forget this horrible moment as long as she lived-it would stay with her forever and ever, and Rod would never know the horrors she had gone through to protect her reputation for his sake. Her tortured mind droned on senselessly, the very helplessness of her debasing position magnifying the weird masochistic sensations rising erotically in her belly. Her head bobbed up and down slavishly over the hotly throbbing of flesh now, sucking to end it, sucking to draw the thick milky semen from it until she killed him. Rocky twisted and groaned above her, raining obscenities down at the top of her bobbing blonde head and watching with delight her tightly ovalled lips straining at his plunging cock. Behind her Burns played at her subserviently kneeling form like a sex-crazed fiend, running his hands brutally over the milk-white softness of her trembling flesh. As he groaned, the wetness of his lips dropped to her naked back, tracing a path of wild desire along her spine that sent salacious shivers running to the tips of her dancing breasts. His wetly heated mouth descended down to the vulnerable crevice of her buttocks, which his hands had already pulled wide apart, his fingers rummaging in the wet, hair-lined slit of her vagina that now throbbed involuntarily in time to the cock sliding in and out of her mouth. He moistened the tip of his extended middle finger from the excited wetness of her cunt and slowly stroked it up the silk-sheathed crevice towards her tight little anus. The tip of his finger, slippery from her vaginal secretions, circled teasingly around the puckered nether ring, guarding the entrance to her completely virginal rectum for a moment and then with a sudden thrust sunk deep inside. Sally jerked forward from the unexpected pain and Rocky thrust his massively heated cock even deeper down her long throat until she felt as though it would choke her to death. She gagged slightly at the choking entry, trying to regain her breath. It came in a great gasping sound as she sucked it in from the pressure of the long extended middle finger behind her digging into her small cringing anus. Grunts of protest escaped from her lips as he wormed deeper and deeper, expanding the tightness of her painfully searing rectum until she thought she would faint from the cruel unrelenting probe. Her concentration on her skewered anus was short-lived as she felt a sudden tightening of the hands holding her head down on the long thick cock. Rocky's pelvis began jerking wildly, ramming his hot throbbing penis deeper and deeper into her sucking mouth. She could feel his massive erection throbbing against the warm clinging insides of her cheeks and tongue, and she knew he was going to cum in her mouth ... the ultimate humiliation was being forced on her. But she wanted to get it over with. She wanted to end the degradation that would take her one step closer to her goal of freedom from the evil films the detective had taken. The blackmailed young wife sucked hungrily, her mouth salivating as it never had before while Burns behind her stretched and pulled at the tightened nether ring of her defenseless little rectum. Rocky groaned above her crazily flailing head and fucked deep into her throat, holding her head in the prison of his heavy hands like a steel band. His cock began a sudden jerking motion and spewed with a lewd explosive vengeance the hot jets of his cum deep into her gulping throat. Sally groaned as she continued sucking, and her Adam's apple bobbed in rapid rhythm, swallowing the gushing sperm squirting hotly into her no-longer virginal mouth. She clasped her lips in a tight elastic ring around the jerking instrument, lasciviously swirling her tongue around and around the throbbing head. She wanted to suck it dry, to hurt him, to punish him for the bitter humiliation he was forcing upon her. His deep groans of pleasure, mistaken by her for pain, incited her to greater effort. It continued for almost an eternity until finally the hands clamped at the sides of her head, fell away and the huge throbbing cock gave one last hot spurt of its jutting sperm and stopped. The finger in her painfully expanded rectum popped out and Burns said: "Lick him clean." Sally followed his command quickly, anxious to end it. She began at the thick base of Rocky's penis where the tiny tufts of pubic hair protruded from his fly and began to slowly lick around it, twirling the tip of her tongue into the sticky streams that had escaped the tightness of her clasping lips. She could feel his deflating hardness under the lewd teasing and licked more rapidly to complete her degrading task before it sprang to life again. A moment later it was clear of all escaped cum, glistening and wet from her saliva. She watched, her eyes inches away, as it slowly deflated all the way and sank to softness. "Man, that was something," Rocky breathed above, looking down at an obscene trickle of semen along her chin. "Now it's our turn; right, Nestor?" Slope said, suddenly emerging from the other side of the table with a cruel glint in his eye. "Let's haul her over to the bed." Before she knew what was happening, powerful arms had swooped under her shoulders and hoisted her up. Her voluptuous young body was being carried effortlessly toward the bedroom, as Rocky leaned back in his chair, his eyes rolling around in his head. His huge snake-like penis lay limp in his hands, his mouth gaping open in lewd satiation ... * * * Rod Baxter was doing his level best to keep from running every red light that stood in his way. He had zoomed down the expressway from the comfortable suburban house on the Main Line in record time, and now he was negotiating his way through the narrow streets of South Philadelphia, determined to find out what Burns was up to, and if Sally was with him. A million different ideas swam through his head as he tried to fit the scanty pieces of evidence together in some kind of comprehensible theory. Obviously, Burns must have made contact with Sally. Perhaps she really had been having an affair, and perhaps Burns had decided to play both ends against the middle-by collecting his normal fee and in addition blackmailing Sally. If that was the case, Rod told himself, he had two scores to settle-one with Sally and one with this two-bit private detective. His knuckles grew pale as he squeezed the steering wheel tightly, maneuvering the car through the dark streets of the semi-slum neighborhood ... * * * Inside the dimly-lit apartment, Sally struggled with the last ounce of strength in her nakedly vulnerable body as the powerful men forced her face-down into the tangled bed sheets. "Man, what an ass," she heard Slope crooning from behind. "I'm gonna love sticking my cock in this." Through her haze she felt his powerful hand yanking her panties below her wantonly uplifted buttocks and drawing the firm ass-cheeks wide apart. She tried to hold them tensed together but the pressure of his thumbs inserted in the moist crevice was too great. They were cruelly stretched away from each other until she could feel the cool air rushing into the hot interior between her kneeling legs. Curling under the stretched silk of her flimsy panties. "It's still too tight," Slope gloated from his kneeling position behind her. "Better stretch it out a little." She could feel the tip of an outstretched finger probing again at the entrance of her helpless rectum and she clenched the tiny puckered opening tight in a desperate effort to stop the cruel penetration she knew was coming. He probed for a moment on the outer edges of the small elastic circle and then shoved forward with a grin, sinking his extended middle finger with a jerk up to the first knuckle. Sally jumped from the anticipated pain that was not as keen this time as she thought it would be. The tender orifice was still stretched a bit from the earlier fingering while she had sucked Rocky moments ago. She relaxed slightly until she felt the extra cruel pressure of another finger ram unexpectedly in alongside the first. It hurt this time and she jerked forward to escape its painful entry, her obscenely displayed body moving a few inches up the bed, groaning as she did so. "Oh don't please, don't, it hurts." Tears of pain and humiliation ran from her cheeks as the realization came to her that the big man had not just been talking. He was going to make love to her back there. It was not enough that he had already thrust his tongue deep inside her softly moistening pussy, now he was going to plant his long horrible cock fully up her virginal rectum in an unnatural act of love that she hadn't know existed before ... but that was not all. Next to her on the bed she could hear Burns undoing his zipper. The detective had stripped himself naked now. He was not about to sit around and watch the moronic Slope get this piece of ass by himself. He was going to get some too. He was going to make this red-hot bitch suck him off while his friend plunged his thickly throbbing cock into her tight little asshole. There was nothing he wanted to see more than her getting it from both ends, squirming and writhing torturously on the bed. The helpless girl could feel the bed sag as the heavy-set detective mounted it in front of her. His naked hairy body slid down beneath her face as she supported herself on her hands and knees on the mattress. This was the ultimate humiliation. Now she was going to be skewered from both ends at one time. She could never face the world again after this horrible debasing subjugation, and she cringed her upraised buttocks away from the fingers that were relentlessly probing into her anus, but it was useless. As suddenly as Slope had shoved the sodomizing fingers into her, he now withdrew them with a lewd hissing sound; they seemed to slide out reluctantly, the tight elastic ring of her anus snugly clinging to them like a pair of pursed lips. He forced her legs wider apart with his knees and dropped his head to her shivering buttocks. Grinning lewdly, he began licking wetly at the deep, narrow crevice between them, moistening the tiny hole in preparation for the greater entry yet to come. "Kneel up higher," Slope's voice suddenly commanded, and he sounded eager for the ultimate subjugation of her defenselessly shaking body. She hesitated for a moment and felt his hand on her hips jerking them to a higher kneeling position while his other hand remained caressing her dangling breasts, swaying in an open invitation to the cruel sodomy about to begin. Her anus throbbed in fear and humiliation. "Man, she wants it," Slope growled. "Look at that little asshole beg." His knees behind her pushed her legs wider apart, the hair of his legs brushing against the insides of her shaking thighs. She was held wide and open completely at his mercy as she bit down on her lower lip to keep back the tears of frustration brimming in her eyes. At the same time that her young buttocks were being levered up high into the air, her head was being forced down in between the detective's lewdly spread legs. Sally closed her eyes in horror at the sight of the huge throbbing penis pointing up at her, but it was no use. In a second Burns had grabbed the locks of her thick blonde hair and was pressing his rock-hard cock against her wetly parted lips. Slope in back of her had now grasped even more harshly at her quaking hips, holding them steady in the air as he guided his long pulsing penis into the moistly naked split behind her With his other hand he squeezed the crinkling silk of her panties like crepe paper. Sally gasped from the first searing contact of his pressuring cock against her anus. It was huge ... even bigger than the one she had been so cruelly forced to suck to lewd completion a few minutes before. She hadn't expected it and she couldn't possibly take something so monstrously large inside her tiny virginal rectum without ripping her belly in half. She jerked forward again, attempting to move up the bed away from it, but as she did so, the hard fleshy head of Burns' cock forced its way between her moistly trembling lips. Suddenly the detective's hands cruelly jerked her head forward as she strained to support herself with her arms holding her body in a push up position. But it was too much for her. As her arms collapsed, she fell forward and the thick rod of male flesh eagerly rushed through her lips into the warm wetness of her mouth. She could feel the heatedly pulsating cock-head sliding the entire length of her tongue, momentarily taking her concentration off the huge stiffening penis pressing into her from behind. It was that moment of inattention that Slope had been waiting for, and he used the opportunity to shove his powerful hips forward, guiding his massive penis directly toward the defensively puckering little hole between her ass cheeks. He thrilled as he felt the warm satiny texture of her buttocks pressing against his lust-hardened cock, and his thrill intensified as his sensitive cockhead nudged against her cringing anus. Sally felt the pressure against her nether ring increasing and she gasped in pain ... a gasp that quickly became a scream of agony as the thick knob on the end of his hotly throbbing penis popped through the small anal opening. "Aaaagggghhhhh," her cry of pain and protest was muffled against the thick pulsating cock lodged just inside her mouth. Oh God! Never before had she felt so much pain in her backside; it was as though she was being forced to take an axe handle up inside her. "Don't! You're splitting me-eeeee." A fine mist of perspiration had broken out on Slope's forehead and the big man shook his head in bewilderment. "Man ... it sure is a tight little asshole," he said in disbelief. "Feels like she's biting the head of my prick right off and chewing it up." "Stop talking and start fucking," Nestor Burns snarled, and began pumping his wildly pulsating cock in and out of the kneeling young wife's wide-ovalled mouth. Slope methodically began a series of small thrusts into the pitifully cringing little anus, each stroke going deeper and deeper into the warm, buttery depths of the whimpering blonde's rectum. Sally had never imagined that anything could be so brutally discomforting. She was positive that her anus had been ripped, but even so she clamped down tightly with her rectal muscles in an effort to expel him. The only result of her muscular activity was to elicit a wild groan of lewd pleasure from Slope who called out, "That's it, baby. You're getting with it. Squeeze your asshole." A moment later, in stunned disbelief, Sally realized that the big man's monstrous penis had actually gone all the way up into her rectum for she felt his sperm bloated balls slap obscenely against the back of her thighs. She could feel his hotly throbbing flesh jerking like something alive up inside her belly, and the knowledge that she was fully impaled on his barbarous instrument brought a flood of tears to her eyes ... not tears of pain, but of undying shame. And as she knelt there, like some animal being used for breeding, she imagined exactly what she looked like-one man's cock buried in her mouth, another stranger's penis stuck up all the way inside her rectum. Never, she thought, had any woman been so cruelly defiled, so maltreated, so punished! It was then she began to think of what was happening as a true punishment ... a punishment for the wicked thing she had done with the boys. She was completely at Nestor Burns and his friends' mercy, and it was obvious that the word "mercy" meant nothing to them. They would use her body as they wished and there was nothing she could do about it. With this bitter knowledge, the subserviently kneeling young wife felt the first undeniable twinges of a masochistic enjoyment in her tortured rectum ... and she realized that unwanted pleasure was beginning to wash over her ravished loins in wave after wave of sensual delight. Gloating above her head, Burns began to undulate his pelvis, sliding the thickly throbbing cock in and out of her ovalled young mouth, never quite withdrawing all the way, but leaving the hotly swollen head half an inch inside the warm wet cavern of her mouth. Sally closed her eyes tightly to block out the horrible sight of the pubic hairs growing at the thick base of his cock which rammed mercilessly into her contorted face. Moisture filled her mouth, puffing her cheeks wide as it shoved forward to bury itself deep in her throat, keeping pace with the cock fucking ceaselessly into her widespread buttocks behind. Burns looked up with lewd delight at the sweat-glistening body of the helplessly trapped girl skewered between his driving penis and the long thick cock ramming into her from behind. He timed his thrusts at her contorted face to match those of Slope in back of her, holding her twisting blonde head tighter as she coughed and sputtered below. As the lust-bloated tip rhythmically brushed her tonsils on the in-stroke, he watched her tender lips clasping tighter and tighter around the thrusting shaft as her mouth became accustomed to the fleshy intrusion. Sally suddenly felt the rising tide of lascivious enjoyment beginning to spread outward from her belly. The very helplessness of her position and the debasing ravishment of her naked young body brought a delicious fire dancing salaciously through her tattered nerves. She licked and sucked like a hungry child at the iron-hard rod embedded in her clasping mouth, her moist cavern overflowing from the mixture of his excited pre-ejaculate fluid and her own saliva. She sucked for it to end as she felt her own lewdly tremulous insides erupting in great white flashes of fire dancing through her tattered nerves. Slope, mounted behind her like a wild animal could feel the rising excitement welling helplessly inside her trapped young body and, with his hands tightly gripped on the soft white flesh of her quivering hips, he thrust his eagerly bulging cock deep into her rectum, impaling the blonde housewife like an insect. "Ooooooooh, God ... God!" she grunted as he moved it around deep in her tightly straining anus, expanding the tender little orifice even further. Oh, God, how he was debasing her! Treating her like a common whore he had bought for the night. The strange masochistic pleasure rippled lasciviously through her nakedly kneeling body again. She wanted to be destroyed by it! She wanted to be fucked until she could never walk again. The lewd subjugation which they were subjecting her to was involuntarily driving her wild with lust-incited sensation. "Ooooh, fuck me good!" she chanted through cock-stretched lips, sweat dripping from her straining face. Slope, muttering obscenities behind her and gasping with sadistic pleasure, began to saw rhythmically into the soft gripping depths of her ravished lips. She had never felt so soiled and debauched in her life, and her whole backside felt forever ruined as Slope levered up higher behind her and began to lunge the full length of his hugely throbbing cock deep down into her with long, smooth strokes. It pulled tiny ridges of her pinkly clasping flesh out with the base of his receding penis each time he withdrew for another vicious lunge inside. She was aware dimly of Slope chuckling to himself and pushing down hard on her frantically quivering buttocks with each lunge his rampaging cock made up into her belly, trapping her servile kneeling body between his skewering penis behind and the hands in front which were pulling her mouth feverishly against the other lust-engorged shaft that slammed savagely in and out of her throat. She was hopelessly held in the kneeling position, painfully bent like an errant slave before its cruel master. Her subjugated young body jerked and quivered, and her thighs, released now that her resistance was broken, periodically convulsed as an extra hard thrust seared into her tortured rectum. She could hear the grunts of pleasure through the silence of the room around her, and she hated herself for the joy she was giving them and the joy she was feeling-though there was nothing she could do about it. She wanted to destroy them, to kill them for the degradation and humiliation they were heaping on her. In spite of her pain she tightly clasped her anal muscles again trying to rip the lunging column of flesh from Slope's body. "Aaaaagh!" Slope groaned. "God, baby, it's tight, I can't stand it." He threw his head back in ecstasy from the warmly clasping flesh enveloping it. She couldn't bear the indecent sodomizing of her small virginal rectum much longer. She had to end it, she had to. Wildly, she began to move backward to meet the forward thrust of his cock, undulating her naked body and lewdly swinging her buttocks in tiny rotating circles, clasping it tightly with the slight throb of her rectum on the outstroke. Slope behind her watched the tiny round hole draw back with his cock and felt the sudden voluntary movements of her gradually gyrating buttocks before him. The gigantic man groaned again and surged into her with renewed power. He knew she was his to do with as he pleased now. There was no resistance left in this innocent young piece impaled on his cock. He would fuck it to her now as she had never had it before, and she would love it ... she was loving it now as he watched the lewd rotating movement of her upraised buttocks and the arching hollows of her back while she worked and ground back into him like a demon, long blonde hair falling over her face and across Nestor Burns' hairy belly as she squirmed in wanton abandon. At the same time her hungrily clasping lips pumped on the thick throbbing cock ramming like a jackhammer deep up inside her throat. Burns from underneath could see her face flushing red from the intensity of her effort, her eyes wide in unseeing entrapment in the final quest for fulfillment. She bucked and churned her trapped young body back against the thickly skewering cock slamming into the expanding opening of her rectum. Grunting and groaning in frenzied ecstasy, she could feel the end nearing for both of them. Slope sensed her sudden frantic need, and began to ram rapidly into her, hard and deep, battering her quivering buttocks with his powerful pelvis. He gripped the tops of her wide-splayed thighs with his fingers, hooking his fingers through her wide-stretched panties, squeezing with all his strength to pull her back over his cock like slipping a sleeve over an over-sized arm. His eyes bulged wide at the salacious spectacle of the young wife's body excitedly bucking before him, and with a mighty thrust he jolted forward, his cock ripping deep up inside her suddenly milking rectum. "Aaaaaagh!" she groaned piteously. He flicked deeper again, "Aaaaaagh." With a last half-groan, Sally could feel in her agony the giant tormenting staff begin to grow and expand until she thought it would never stop. It was killing her, it was stretching the muscles of her splitting rectum beyond all endurance. "Oh God, for God's sake, cum!" she mumbled in pain and masochistic pleasure and fucked back against him wildly. He gasped above her, incoherent words sputtering from his mouth, and shoved forward with a mighty thrust that almost tore through the tightly clasping walls of her belly. His hotly spurting cum shuddered in wave after wave into the hot depths of her rectum. She knelt in front of him, buttocks still waving high in the air and pressed tight back against his hairy loins as he poured his lewd male sperm deep inside her anal passage filling her abused rectum to the bursting point with his warm sticky wetness. He groaned with delight and collapsed heavily over her naked body, shoving her further forward onto the long thick cock fucking relentlessly in and out of her mouth. The conniving detective had been excited beyond all belief at the obscene sight of the beautiful woman's buttocks bucking and undulating lewdly against the thick sodomizing cock impaling her from behind, and now his hands gripped against her head, he pulled her tightly ovalled mouth in an even faster rhythm back and forth between his lewdly splayed legs. The young wife's tongue slavered helplessly around the detective's madly jerking cock as it sawed in and out of the warm moistness of her mouth. Incomprehensible mewling grunts and groans burst from her throat. There was nothing left now but the wanton abandonment of this throbbing shaft ramming so savagely up into her mouth. The huge bulbous cock-head jammed deep inside her throat, grating against her tonsils. As her mouth pumped and sucked, her cheeks puffing furiously her cum-filled buttocks wiggled and waved in hopeless abandon against the other man's collapsed form piled on top of her. Like a huge bloated balloon she could feel the fleshy throbbing pole inside her mouth expanding to the point of explosion. In response, her tongue licked and sucked at it furiously until the detective, his hands entwined in the soft silken locks of her blonde hair, thrust his pelvis brutally forward. The huge rock-hard cock rammed deep, deep inside her throat for one last time. "Aaaaaaaagh!" she choked, and suddenly his sperm-bloated penis burst like a bomb. Her wildly puffing cheeks expanded and contracted as wave after molten wave of hotly shooting cum poured into the depths of her swallowing mouth. Burns' hips jerked in spasmodic ecstasy as her ovalled lips slid hungrily up and down on his ejaculating cock in furious rhythm. A groan broke from her lips as her Adam's apple bobbed swallowing the gushing sperm squirting so thickly into her throat. She clasped her lips in a tight elastic ring around the madly jerking pole, swirling her tongue around and around the spasming head until it began to deflate. Burns, his eyes closed, his entire body sweating, groaned in ecstasy and pushed her still pumping head from his now useless cock. At the same time Slope slid off her back and crashed to the mattress to lay sprawled out on the sheets, his chest heaving rhythmically as he sucked in huge gasps of air. Burns groaned again and rolled over on his side. Desperately Sally wanted to push herself off the bed and spirit away the films before the other men could rally their strength, but it would be nearly impossible. She would have to rest a moment to regain the strength that had been so brutally drained from her body. Kicking the soiled bed sheets onto the floor, she stretched her naked young body lengthwise across the bed in between the two sweating bodies of the exhausted men. A huge arm fell limply over her hips, and a pair of legs raised up and collapsed on top of her thighs, trapping her in a prison of limbs. She could tell by the deep breathing of the two men surrounding her that they would soon be asleep, and then with luck she would be able to sneak into the other room, throw on her clothes and escape with the films. That is, if she could find some way of outwitting the one called Rocky and if the sleeping guard dog didn't suddenly wake up. Inside the bedroom it had grown dark. A single electric bulb cast its shadowy glow from the ceiling above the dresser. The heavy breathing of the two slumbering men had turned to light snores, and now Sally slowly extracted herself from the tangle of arms and legs wrapped around her body. Praying that the creaky mattress would not give her away, she carefully inched toward the edge of the bed, swinging her legs over the side. The floor squeaked slightly as her feet touched down on it, but fortunately the dozing men were not wakened. Creeping on her tiptoes she made her way to the curtain that separated the bedroom from the dining room, and pulled it aside. The dim shadowy light outlined Rocky's powerful form slumped over the table, his hands curled around a half-empty whiskey bottle. Thank God, she breathed in relief. He had passed out and would never notice her. The problem would be the large German shepherd who lay slumbering by the doorway. On tiptoes, clad only in her cum-soaked and twisted panties, Sally crept across the room to the table, where her clothes were lying. The floorboard squeaked once and Rocky jumped, but his eyes quickly shut again, his head slumping on the table. It was not until she had just slipped on her stockings and fastened her garter belt that she was startled by Rocky's voice growling drunkenly. "Just what d'ya think you're doin'?" he grumbled. "N-nothing," she stammered fearfully in the darkness as she edged toward the door. "You ain't goin' nowhere ... not till ole Rocky gets his cock inside that little pussy of yours," he snarled. He pushed himself up from his chair and moved menacingly toward her. It was now or never, Sally thought to herself as she hurriedly swept up her clothes and the reel of film, dashing toward the door. It did not matter that she was still half-naked, for now was her last chance to escape ... Rod Baxter had been slowly winding his way up the dingy stairs when he suddenly heard a tremendous clatter from the second floor. Muffled gasps, grunts and the deep low growl of a menacing dog assaulted his ears. He felt his way back down and retreated to the steps outside the front doorway to see what would happen. For five minutes and more he waited, but no one emerged. He stepped out into the sidewalk and glanced up at the building. It was difficult to tell which apartment belonged to Burns. The windows in several were well lit, and he had seen no sign or mailbox with Burns' name on it inside. He would just have to check with one of the neighbors. Sally had gotten as far as the second floor landing until the German shepherd had cornered her, backed her against the wall, his thick tailing switching back and forth like a whip. For the first time Sally could see he was no docile house pet, she could see the red embers of his eyes flashing at her in the dark, the glint from his ivory fangs and the flecks of thick drool clinging to his jowls. "Good boy, Ripper," Rocky mumbled, patting him on the head. "Just for that, I'm gonna give you a nice big reward." Rocky grabbed him by the collar and pulled him back. "Get back inside," he snapped at Sally, glaring at her as she trembled against the wall. Oh God, she thought, why haven't any of the neighbors heard the noise, what's wrong with these people? Why don't they help me? "Let me go, let me go!" she pleaded, tears choking her eyes. She tried desperately to scream, but before the sound could escape from her lips, Rocky had clamped his hand over her mouth and was dragging her back into the apartment. When they got inside he slammed the door violently shut and hurled her clothing and the reel of films against a far wall. She cowered before his sudden rage, clad only in her panties, stockings and black high-heeled shoes. Mercilessly before she knew what was happening, Rocky had clasped both wrists in his hand and hoisted her up with his other hand under her thighs. She struggled and squirmed to break away, but it was useless. He threw her down viciously on the card table, her kicking legs hanging over the edge. Ripping off his laborer's tee-shirt he gripped the hotly quivering flesh of her thighs and spread them wide apart, kneeling down in between her legs. At the same time the hulking animal, sensing excitement pranced frantically around the table, nuzzling her legs with his cold nose, his tail brushing like a furry whip against her calves. Bottles and chips flew helter-skelter and crashed to the floor as she struggled and squirmed to break away, but it was useless. Now Rocky's huge hands spread her warm full thighs even further apart while her arms strained to raise her body off the table. She could only raise herself to a sitting position ... just enough to look down hopelessly while Rocky's head burrowed into the warm silk of her helplessly exposed panties. Her legs kicked and thrashed, but Rocky's hands were too powerful. His thumbs pressed the softly yielding flesh of her inner thighs, and his rough fingers locked her legs against the table. In a sudden desperate effort to strangle the man who had thwarted her escape, she wrapped her thighs around his head and dug the heel of her shoes into his naked shoulder blades. "Aaaaagh!" he groaned savagely, his fingers slipping under the tight elastic crotch band of her white nylon panties and yanking it aside. "Oooooooh," she whimpered piteously. Her legs squeezed viciously around his head, her eyes wide open in abject terror. But it was a hopeless battle. The coarse crude fingers tearing at her panties and the wetly licking tongue grinding against her soft blonde pubic hair sent ripples of lust through her helplessly responding body. And suddenly his tongue was at the wetly palpitating lips of her naked young pussy. Her entire body froze. "Oh God, noooooo," she pleaded. Cruelly, he flicked his tongue at the warm little sluice and quickly withdrew it. She jerked, a soul-searing moan involuntarily escaping from her lips. "Oh God, Ooooooh, ooooh," she whimpered. In fear-stricken desperation, her blonde hair flailed from side to side as her arms strained to support her body in a sitting position. Once again she locked her resilient full thighs savagely around his head, desperately trying to strangle him. Muttering a loud lustful groan he speared his tongue deep up in between her wetly palpitating cuntal lips. His hands circled around in back to her squirming buttocks, tearing at the warmly rounded flesh. "Jeeeesus, Jeeesus, please!" she cried. But the relentless tongue-spearing of her cunt would not cease. Grinding her loins up toward his face he thrust his tongue deep up inside her moistly throbbing pussy. Lewdly, he licked the tiny pink head of her clitoris on the outstroke and rippled deep inside her vagina on the instroke. As she struggled and squirmed against his lewd onslaught she could feel his rough beard gritting against the softly trembling flesh of her out-thrust thighs, she could hear the vile sucking noises of his carnal feast. Uncontrollable groans of wicked passion wailed from her throat as her body---still hopelessly aroused from her abuse in the other room-began to desert her. She lay back against the table locking her long tapered legs even harder around his bobbing head, her eyes clenched tightly shut. And as his tongue thrust and retreated from her wide-splayed vagina in lewdly salacious rhythm she reached down and tweaked the stiffening buds of her own nipples and felt thrill after them of wanton enjoyment pour over her. Her traitorous hands then curled into Rocky's thick black hair, forcing his head tight up against her insanely bucking pussy, driving her wild with lewd animal excitement. All thought of escape had deserted her as the uncouth gangster's tongue licked and sucked against the pinkly parted lips of her vagina. God, he knew he had her now. She was all his! Suddenly without warning, he withdrew his head from between her trembling legs and stood up, towering over her lewdly spread-eagled form. "Oooooh God, fuck me, fuck me," she mumbled deliriously, as though lost in an obscene dream. Her head lolling like a rag doll from side to side. Rocky quickly tore off his clothes, grinning in triumph down at her wantonly writhing form on the table. Goddamn, he was going to blow his cum all over that white little body of hers. His massive cock shot out from beneath his stomach like a huge quivering pole, and he began to heatedly stroke it with a slow rhythm. "Fuck me, fuck me, you bastard," she begged, spreading her nakedly voluptuous body out over the table, her arms and legs splayed apart in an inviting "vee". All thought of dignity had fled from her now. All she wanted was this obscene man's cock tightly sheathed in her panty silk as he rammed it deep up inside her lust-inflamed pussy. Rocky moved menacingly toward her and mounted the table, straddling her young curvaceous body with the legs and pointing the bulbous throbbing head of his cock directly at her upper belly. "No, no, not there," she screamed desperately. "Fuck me, fuck my vagina." But Rocky's body edged up along her helplessly supine body until his thick throbbing pole was poised right in between the lush curving mounds of her breasts. She could feel his naked buttocks obscenely grinding against her stomach as he cupped her trembling breasts in his greedy hands and wrapped them like a soft warm glove around the pulsing thickness of his cock. "Not there, not there, fuck me!" she screamed feverishly. By now the big German shepherd who had been prancing nervously around the table was excited by the savage cries of lust that filled the room, and he began a wet licking at her stocking-sheathed legs. Sally was barely conscious of it at first as her involuntarily aroused body responded to the lust-crazed assault on her breasts, for now Rocky's cock began sliding in between the soft fleshy mounds in long even strokes, his fingers rolling and tweaking her rigidly erect nipples In sudden surprise, her young body twitched as something hot and wet began to lick against the satiny clinging warmth of her panties. With a shudder of fear she realized it was the dog who had been attracted by the passion-filled commotion. She tried to shoo him away by kicking out with her high heeled shoes, but he merely snarled and unrelentingly advanced on her again. "Oooooh, oooooh, God!" she groaned at this depraved double ravishment. The dog's cold wet nose nuzzling against the small sensitive bud of her clitoris sent electric shocks through her spine and her body jerked spasmodically to escape from it. God, she was going to be Ducked by a dog! Simultaneously Rocky's huge hot cock fucking between her breasts throbbed and palpitated as though it were going to explode. Working her into a mad frenzy of passion, Rocky's fingers nipped and teased at her lust-stiffened nipples, grinning as her helplessly aroused body squirmed in lewd abandonment beneath him. From below, Sally could feel the German shepherd's huge furry body jumping up excitedly in between her splayed-out legs, his huge paws clawing into her twisting thighs as he struggled to balance himself on the table. The long tapered head of his scarlet penis had burst from its fur-covered sheath, and as he struggled to support himself on the table, it jerked closer and closer to the flimsy covering of silk panties that guarded her naked vagina. "Aaaaaaagh," she screamed in terror as the animal's hugely throbbing cock suddenly made obscene contact with the quivering blonde hair-lined lips of her vagina ... * * * Rod Baxter could hardly believe his ears. The strange noises coming from the apartment made it sound as if someone were being raped. The grunts and groans, the strange whimpering noises, what did it all mean? He was sure this was Burns' apartment, all right. The tenant on the first floor had given him the directions, and now all he could do was to press his ear against the door and listen in the darkness. By now the animal had locked himself tightly around Baxter's wife's heaving belly and begun to excitedly burrow his animal penis into the silk-lined crevice of her cunt. His front paws scratching the surface of the table, he flicked his haunches powerfully forward, bringing groans of wanton abandonment from her throat as his long canine penis slid up inside her cunt. His tail wagging and trembling, he let out a low fierce growl as though he had found a bitch in heat. In a lewd echo Sally moaned in depraved satisfaction. She tensed as the dog's tongue snaked up the undulating curves of her obscenely aroused body and began licking her belly. Suddenly, as the beast squirmed up tighter in between her splayed out thighs, she locked her feet around him, smothering him against her impassioned loins, his long slippery penis fucking swiftly into the sicken crevice of her palpitating young cunt. "Ummm," she gasped deliriously as the dog began a steady fucking rhythm in and out of her hotly throbbing vaginal flesh. The frantic jerking of the animal's cock was paced by the long, smooth strokes of Rocky's human cock gliding rhythmically between her close-cupped breasts. Down below, the dog had found his lust-inciting mark. His thick red penis slammed and slithered inside her hotly clasping pussy until Sally could feel the smooth sensual sink of her panties pulling and jerking around her rotating buttocks. God, she was enjoying it, the guilty thought whirled through her horrified mind. She was enjoying being Ducked by a dog as another man thrust his hotly throbbing cock in between her naked breasts. Any second now the bursting love juices inside her heated cunt were going to spew out crazily and mingle with the thick animal cum of the huge monster jerking and throbbing between her legs ... And any second the lustfully burgeoning cock between her breasts was going to erupt and rocket its human sperm all over the clasping furrow of her breasts and throat and chin. Her body squirmed and bucked wildly as helpless squeals of ravaged ecstasy bubbled from her mouth. "Oooooh, ooooh," she chanted crazily. "Fuck me, ffuuuuuck me!" "I'm gonna fuck ya, I'm gonna cum all over your face," Rocky snarled down at her, his face raw and contorted with twisted lust. His pelvis flicked forward in rhythm with the wildly screwing dog plunging and pistoning between her legs, and now the first drops of thick white the redly swelling head of his plunging cock as it slid between the tight cupped mounds of her soft warm breasts. Sally's aroused young body twisted and bucked in response to the obscene double ravishment and to the lewd threat. And suddenly with a tremendous groan from deep in his belly, Rocky's penis exploded. The spewing hot cum burst from the wildly jerking head of his cock like a raging river of white hot lava. His buttocks, straddled on top of her naked belly, jerked and twitched furiously as the pulsating head of his cock gunned like a rocket blasting off. The cum geysered up over her twisting neck in thick white rivulets as wanton gasps and groans rumbled from her chest. "Aaaaaagh, God, Aaaaagh!" she screamed, "I'm cumming. I'm cummiinnng!" Her wild, animal-like groans of pleasure drove the mammoth German shepherd into a lust-crazed frenzy and his huge penis throbbed and jerked deep up inside her hotly milking pussy as her long stocking-sheathed legs squeezed savagely against his furry body. Her heels ground maniacally down into the lusting dog's back, forcing his bestial penis even deeper up into her panty-sheathed cunt. She could feel the gigantic canine cock-head ready to blow up inside her, as his jowls spat flecks of eager saliva onto the trembling white flesh of her belly. Suddenly the animal's hairy pelvis jerked forward, and her legs kicked outward in spasmodic ecstasy. Her naked young body shivered, and a low guttural drone of delight spewed from her throat as the animal's churning hot sperm exploded like a bomb far up inside her wildly rejoicing cunt. Huge convulsing waves of cum spurted deep up inside her belly while her pussy walls savagely clasped and unclasped around the long exploding dog cock skewered into her. Sally's head flailed from side to side like a machine. She had been subjected to the ultimate degradation and humiliation, and she was enjoying every single moment of it. Her debased and abused body twitched and pulsated as Rocky groaned and pulled himself off her, then fell wearily across the table. She dog, who had finally relieved the aching pressure inside his loins, was panting heavily, and his thick tongue began licking and nibbling at the moistly saturated nylon crotchband of her panties ... licking away the last of her fears. With a savage growl of impatience, his teeth shredded the nylon cloth and it was only then--- as she felt the cool cleansing air washing over her battered vaginal flesh that the young wife realized she was free of her awful panty compulsion. Every ounce of strength was drained from Sally's battered body for she was sated beyond belief. The shreds of her panties hung down low on her hips with the ripped-out crotch band revealing the sparse golden curls of her blonde pussy hair as her stocking-sheathed legs dangled limply over the edge of the large card table. Now more than anything in the world she desired the sweet oblivion of deep sleep, but she fought against the powerful urge with her last reserves of moral energy, her depleted body tensed as she waited for the telltale signs of exhaustion to show on the hulking man who had ravaged her and who was now curled up naked on the table beside her. Finally his chest began to rise and fall in a steady rhythm. Thank God, Sally breathed with relief, her ordeal was over. She could make her escape now! Not a single sound was coming from the bedroom either. Her other tormentors were still sound asleep. Holding her breath tensely, she gathered up her clothes and the film canister, hardly aware that she was still half-naked. She would just have to dress in the hallway, that was all there was to it ... if she could only keep the dog quiet while she made her escape. Fortunately the huge animal was happily satisfied, and as Sally crept across the bare squeaking floor of the apartment, he did not offer any resistance. Near the door she paused momentarily; there was something else! The money she had paid to the blackmailing detective! Quickly, not daring to think about the dangers involved, she put her clothes and the film by the door and returned to the bedroom. The door creaked slightly as she opened it, and her heart pounded like a trip-hammer in her chest. She hesitated a second. It would be better to leave well enough alone. If Nestor Burns or the brutal Slope caught her inside the bedroom, she knew they would not hesitate to use her body again ... and again. She gazed down at her tattered panties. They no longer were any protection to her, and now with a sudden shock of insight, she knew they never had been protection ... only an insubstantial veil that hid nothing! Quickly she pulled the flimsy nylon garment down over her nakedly flaring buttocks and let them fall to her feet. They lay there--- semen-stained and wet---and disdainfully she kicked them away. A moment later she was in the bedroom staring down at the two naked men. Odd, how lifeless, how impotent their cocks seemed now, all shriveled up and weak. Yet, it was in her power to transform both of those pieces of male flesh almost immediately into thick, vibrantly pounding shafts of strength. Her power! All she had to do was caress them. She stood there, standing naked and proud for a moment longer and then smiling securely to herself, reached over toward the chair and pulled Nestor Burns' trousers toward her. The wad of bills still had the rubber band around it. Then, quietly, she left the bedroom and returned to her clothes. Moving carefully forward on her tiptoes, she inched the door open and peered into the hallway. The dim light of a single electric bulb revealed that no one was coming up the stairs and that the other apartment doors were tightly shut. Hurriedly, Sally slipped on her suede miniskirt and then, with her fingers trembling, haphazardly buttoned up her blouse. She was too excited now to maintain her composure as she dashed down the darkened stairway hugging the incriminating film in her arms. In her panicky night to the street, however, she had failed to notice the distinguished looking man hiding in the shadows of the second floor hallway. He couldn't fail to see her though, even in the dark, and he followed quickly and quietly a safe distance behind her, tiptoeing silently down the creaking steps. As Rod caught sight of his wife dashing madly toward the Jaguar, things suddenly became more confused, not clearer. He waited until she was in the car and then hopped into his own vehicle. By now he'd made up his mind that once and for all he was going to find out what was going on, and as the Jag lurched forward, his own car pulled out and trailed a safe distance behind it. Sally felt an almost overwhelming sense of elation. She was home free now with the horrible film in her possession. Never again would she be forced to undergo the kind of humiliation that the unscrupulous detective had subjected her to. But still, there was the story she had to tell Rod. What could she ever possibly say to him, how could she explain the terrible thing that had driven her to the seemingly bottomless pit of shame and degradation? The wheels of her mind spun rapidly as she thought, because she knew Rod wasn't going to settle for any cock and bull story. He was going to dig and probe until he was satisfied ... until her strange behavior had been thoroughly explained to him. Try as she might, though, her mind was too confused to fabricate an air-tight story, and as she drove rapidly homeward, she could feel herself getting more and more tense. As she pulled into the driveway, she noticed that Rod's car was gone. God, what a relief, she thought to herself, as she eased the Jag into the garage. At least there would be more time now to compose herself and think ... The fact that his wife had driven straight home from the detective's apartment only added to Rod's vast confusion, and it was instinct that made him park his car down the street and walk the rest of the way to the house. By now he was positive that his wife was really up to something. If he surprised her at the right time he just might be able to discover what that "something" was. The second Sally opened the door to her house, she realized exactly what she was going to say and do. There was really no choice; she had to tell her husband everything! The indecent exposure she had made of her panties before the young boys was her fault ... what had happened at Nestor Burns' apartment was Rod's fault because he was the one who had brought the evil private detective into their lives. If she were going to start all over again, living a normal life, she knew that her husband would have to be told ... sparing him none of the details. Her heart was pounding in a combination of fright and uncertainty as she took a long hot shower. Once she had stepped out and dried herself thoroughly, she was calm and ready. Oddly enough, she was not surprised to hear Rod moving around in the front room. Some instinct had told her that he had quietly entered the house while she was in the bathroom washing off the vile sperm of three strange men and the German shepherd. And now her earlier apprehension returned. What if he left her? God, that was too unbearable to think about. She loved him, loved him deeply ... and now that she had finally cured herself of her terrible compulsion she could love him freely, uninhibited ... could bring him greater happiness than he had ever suspected could exist. Drawing a deep breath, Sally stepped into the front room. Rod was behind the bar; she saw him staring at her, mouth agape in surprise ... and something else, anger perhaps. He continued to stare, and for a second she was perplexed; he looked as if he had never seen her before. She looked down at her own nakedly voluptuous body, trying to discover what was so different about her. And then, she dimpled. Of course ... in all their years of marriage, her own husband had never seen her completely naked before ... had never seen her without panties. Sensually, deliberately flaunting every bit of her feminine allure, Sally walked across the room toward her husband. "Darling," she said. "I think I owe you an explanation. Sit down. There's a film I want you to see first ... and then I'll answer any question you want ..." But, as she turned away, she caught the hungry gleam in his eyes and realized that he probably wouldn't have too many questions ... 