‘Can you believe it’s been five years?’ Anna said as her elegant fingers wrapped around Hector’s broad, manly hand. She never stopped admiring his strong jaw and romantic, deep-set eyes. ‘Feels like yesterday.’ Hector replied while gazing into her smouldering, dark eyes reflecting the single candle on their table. His gazed wandered to her pouting lips and alabaster neck as he admired her tight yet beautifully curved body in the clingy black dress she wore that night. Her inviting cleavage and succulent breasts rose with each breath she took. They occupied a booth in the corner of a fancy restaurant and were oblivious to the busy waiters and the chatter of diners. She placed a small parcel in front of him, her glistening, long red nails matching the color of the wrapping paper. ‘Happy anniversary,’ she said. He loved her hands. She had recently taken to wearing a ring on each finger, adding to her already exotic look. Hector smiled when he unwrapped it, a book of erotic poems from the Sung dynasty. He raised her hand to his lips and gently kissed each finger. She leaned close and whispered in his ear ‘Look inside.’ He opened the book and saw a dainty, black thong panty hidden in the pages as Anna leaned even closer and covered his lips with hers. Her tongue probed his mouth in a quick, passionate manner as her dainty foot slipped out of her stiletto-heeled shoes and stroked his calf. They parted. Hector sighed with pleasure and heard her giggle. ‘What’s so funny?’ he asked. ‘Yesterday I heard a woman say the first time isn’t supposed to be…satisfying,’ she replied. It was his turn to laugh. ‘Really,’ she continued as the sensation of her dainty foot stroking his legs sent shivers up his spine. ‘She said the first time is usually when two people don’t really know each other. It’s supposed to be an awkward moment.’ ‘Maybe for some people,’ he replied while resting his hand on her thigh, the waist-high slit of her dress allowing him to feel the warmth of her skin through her black silk stockings. She snuggled even closer, pressing her breast against his chest as he gently squeezed that firm yet pliant thigh, her purring moans the only thing he could hear as he remembered the first time they met. It was a rainy Sunday afternoon when Hector entered the campus library and saw Anna for the first time. He rarely went there on weekdays and preferred to do his research when there weren’t as many students around to snicker at ‘Doctor Love’ behind his back. It was true he taught a course in human sexuality but he never failed to notice his classes were always packed when his lectures featured erotic Hindu sculptures or Japanese prints illustrating sexual techniques outlawed in some states. He saw Anna sitting behind the reference desk, taking notes from a book, her glossy black hair set in a tight bun. Her high-necked, white, Victorian-style blouse and hornrimmed glasses didn’t take away from her dark, exotic features. As a matter of fact, her conservative outfit only seemed to complement her sex appeal and, before he could help it, Hector was fantasizing about enjoying her sensuous lips. Suddenly, her dark, almond-shaped eyes fixed him for a millisecond before returning to her book. She didn’t seem to notice him at all. ‘Might as well get to work,’ he thought while finding an empty table in the reading area and taking out his notes. Minutes later he was distracted after hearing a chair move back and the ‘tap’ of high heels. A lump formed in his throat when Anna walked past his table, her tight, gray, ankle-length skirt with buttons up the side hugged her sexy figure but it was her black, stiletto pumps that caused a rise in his pants he hadn’t felt since he was eighteen. ‘That’s not library standard,’ he thought, admiring the curve of her backside and the wonderful outline of a thong panty when she bent to get a book. She turned and headed back to her desk as he thumbed through the pages of his book and it wasn’t until she reached his table he realized the book was a Chinese ‘pillow book’ filled with full page illustrations. It was too late. He looked up in time to see her glance at it and raise her eyebrows as he threw her an embarrassed smile. She walked away. ‘Strike out for Dr Love,’ he thought as she returned to her desk and picked up her phone. Not even the way she sat, one leg curled under her thigh, the gloss of her stiletto pumps reflecting the overhead lights, could distract him from his embarrassment. He got his things and snuck out the back door. Outside the rain was coming down in sheets. He realized he had left his umbrella on the table when some students shouted ‘Taking a cold shower, Dr Love?’ from a passing car. Every day before going to work Anna always took time to admire her naked body in front of a full-length mirror and masturbate. She loved the way her luscious hips tapered from her tiny waste and the curve of her taught ivory buttocks. She pinched and scratched her rock hard nipples and cupped her high,up-turned breasts, the other hand stroking her naked stomach just above the subtle, dark patch between her legs as her eyes wandered down the long, supple length of her perfectly toned legs. She decided to wear a pair of open-toed, stiletto heels and liked how the leather straps looked around her ankles, her thoughts still on the man she saw the day before. He had such a cute, embarrassed look on his face when he saw her looking at the very sexy illustrations in his book. Thoughts of joining him and looking at those hot pictures made her pulse race with excitement as her palm brushed the closely shaven hairs of her crotch just before her long, red-nailed fingers began to toy with her juicy pussy lips. She had wanted to sit next to him but had to answer a patron’s inquiry first. When she went back to say ‘hi’ his table was empty, except for the umbrella he had left behind. ‘He’ll eventually come back for it.’ She fantasized about being alone with him in the library and how turned on he would be as he watched her slowly unbutton her skirt, gradually revealing her toned legs encased in her black, silk stockings. By now, her other hand was cupping her buttocks. She always liked the way they curved out and the deep cleft between the twin hills of her juicy, tight cheeks. The thoughts got even sexier. She now imagined him sitting on the chair, his pants around his ankles and his stiff, hard cock standing upright as she knelt between his thighs and masturbated while taking him inside her willing mouth. ‘He probably tastes so nice,’ she thought while brushing her nipples against the mirror, the cool surface making her gasp as she stroked away, her nails now digging into her cheeks. Suddenly, that familiar, erotic rush coursed through her body. She imagined herself bent over a table, wearing only her heels and stockings, her ass curved out as he slid his glorious, veined cock inside her hot pussy. She could almost feel his meat filling her tight love hole and when she imagined the gush of his warm, wet cream her body shuddered and heaved, the orgasm coming fast and intense as her senses shattered into a million tiny crystals just before floating down to earth. She took a deep breath and opened her eyes, her gaze resting on the beautiful definition of her thighs before wandering down to her stiletto pumps. She was really glad she bought them the day before. It was nearly eight in the evening when Anna saw Hector enter the reference section. He seemed to avoid her look until she waved his umbrella. This made him smile and approach her. She had taken her time getting dressed, choosing a tight, black mini-skirt with a slit on the left side, a matching blazer, and a black thong, the lacy material matching the garters of her black stockings. She pushed back her chair and crossed her legs, as he walked over. ‘Thank you,’ he said, taking the umbrella. He had such a sexy smile. Images of his lips pressed against hers or running up and down her stockings raced through her head as she rested an elbow on the desk, causing her hem to rise just a little bit more. She hoped he noticed everything. He did. ‘I hope you didn’t get too wet yesterday,’ she responded with a smile. ‘I was okay,’ he replied, holding out his hand. ‘My name is Hector.’ She didn’t want to let go of his hand. It was strong yet elegant. ‘I’m Anna,’ she replied, she noticed the book of erotic French poetry in his hand. ‘There’s a special collection of her work and some other things you might find interesting.’ ‘Really? I never knew this place had this kind of material.’ ‘It’s an independent project of mine,’ she replied. ‘The materials are on the third floor in a storage room. I haven’t had the time to catalogue any of it.’ She opened a drawer to take out some keys, her motion causing the hem to rise even higher. From the corner of her eye she could tell he was feasting on the length of her delicious thigh peeking through the slit and the nice way her creamy skin contrasted against her black garter. ‘You’re welcome to look through it.’ Hector accepted the keys. She looked him in the eyes. ‘Close the door behind you. I’m sure you don’t like to be disturbed.’ He gave her a smile, turned and walked towards the elevator. She waited until the third floor sign lit up. It would take him two minutes to find the room at the end of the hallway, open the door, turn the light on and walk inside. ‘Where will he start?’ she wondered. ‘The illustrated collection of erotic Greek vases? The pictorial Kama Sutra? The Japanese courtesan’s guide to oral sex?’ Then she remembered. A sorority mate who now lived in Cairo mailed her some erotic photographs. Anna had spent a good part of last night enjoying pictures of long legged, raven-haired beauties in sexy harem costumes. She especially liked the diaphanous skirts that revealed their pouting thighs and the way the low hems seemed to almost slip off their beautifully curved hips. She had masturbated more than once that night, her orgasms intensified by the sight of hungry lips, velvet stomachs and naked thighs entwined in Sapphic pleasure. The pictures were still on the table next to the shelves. ‘He must’ve seen them by now.’ she thought, putting the ‘closed’ sign on her desk and walking to the elevator. The tap of her high heels echoed in the empty hallway. She hoped he liked the sound they made. The door was closed. She found him just as she wished, looking at jeweleyed nymphs in passionate embraces and gave him a reassuring smile before joining him. The picture he held showed three beauties locked in a passionate embrace. Anna pointed to the one in the middle. ‘She went to college with me,’ she said. ‘Her major was photography. She really gets into her work.’ She moved closer and saw the beads of sweat on his forehead. ‘Are you hot? I could raise the A.C.’ He set the pictures down and stood close. ‘Do you like them?’ she asked while casually thumbing through the pictures, the heat of his body almost making her swoon. ‘Yes. They’re very…exciting.’ She pressed her body against him, the bulge in his pants throbbing against her while his fingers caressed her face. She reached up and pressed her lips on his mouth while taking his hands and guiding them down to her buttocks. The sensation of his hands cupping and squeezing her ass as his tongue filled her mouth forced deep moans of pleasure from her throat. She wanted to consume every inch of his body as she wrapped a leg around his waist, her parted thighs allowing her to feel his bulge against her wet, lacy panties. They began to pull each other’s clothes off. Anna almost ripped off his shirt as she ran her nails over his chest while he undid her skirt and pulled it down, exposing the black stockings and garters she wore on her beautiful legs. His fingers slipped under the thong panty nested in her cleft and slipped inter her wet, hungry loins. His touch was gentle, yet firm and sent spasms of pleasure through her body. He massaged the lips of her pussy with his knuckles, moistened his thumb with her juices and gently explored the rim of her anus. She felt an orgasm rise through her spine. In a few seconds his touch made her body quiver in wave after wave of hot ecstasy. Anna collapsed against Hector’s body, bathing in an afterglow of pleasure few lovers or even her beautiful hands had ever given her. Suddenly, she felt a delicious, hungry, craving sensation in her mouth. She dropped to her knees just as he pulled the blouse over her head. Bare breasted, her nipples brushing against a pair of strong thighs, Anna tugged at his zipper, eager to see the cause of the mouth-watering bulge she craved. ‘What a noble looking penis,’ she thought, gazing at the engorged member just inches from her lips. She scratched it gently, making him gasp. It was perfectly shaped, straight and tipped by a gland turned deep crimson. She parted her lips slowly and drew him into her mouth, enjoying every delicious inch. Her fingers travelled over his thighs, up his stomach and scratched his nipples through his shirt. His groans got louder when she tilted her head and took his cock deep inside her throat. She had learned this technique from the Japanese courtesans’ guide to oral sex. The times she spent practicing with a banana paid off. She always liked the way her body looked when she knelt and wished she had a mirror next to them so she could enjoy the curves of her body when she sat with her legs curled under thighs and her beautiful ass resting on her heels. As she sucked away she remembered one time setting a mirror over her head so she could admire her curved buttocks and the sexy way her cleft looked just bellow her alabaster back. Suddenly, she felt his strong hands pick her up. She wondered what was on his mind until he sat her on an easy chair by the bookshelves, the cool, leather material feeling so nice on her bare cheeks as he parted her legs and buried his face between her thighs. Anna welcomed his mouth as it feasted on her wet crotch. She pressed her stiletto heels against his back. The second orgasm came even quicker, catching her by surprise. A torrent of pleasure lifting her from the chair, his head locked between her thighs. She collapsed on the chair, loving the way Hector’s tongue ran all over her hips and thighs, just like she imagined, the slight nips he treated the soft, inner part of her thighs to, making her gasp and moan. It was her turn to surprise him when she turned and stuck her round, hard ass in his face. She always enjoyed the way a black thong made her buttocks appear like two beautiful moons. His deft fingers tugged the thong over as he stood, just before she felt his cock linger outside her pussy, making her reach back and grab one of her cheeks while giving him a wicked, inviting look over her naked shoulder. A warm, penetrating sensation made Anna’s mouth open wide. The walls of her pussy expanded to welcome his thick meat as it pushed deep inside her body. He began sliding in and out vigorously, bringing on that wonderful flood of ecstasy. This was it. She untied her bun, allowing her black mane to cascade over her shoulders and back. She grabbed a handful and stuffed it in her mouth just as Hector’s cum exploded in her loins. Her muffled cries expressed the mind-filling, penetrating orgasm that erupted throughout her body. His cock lingered for a while inside her pussy. It was so nice to feel his stomach pressing against her ass. He brushed aside her black hair and massaged her naked back, occasionally kissing her sweat-covered, ivory skin, while his other hand slid down to her buttocks and treated her to a nice, firm squeeze. Later, they got dressed in a hurry. Anna had even tied up her hair again and fixed her make-up but still had the lacy black thong in her hands. She picked up a small book and placed the neatly folded panty in the middle page. She gave it to Hector. ‘A bookmark.’ Her beautiful hands gestured around the room. ‘I need some help reviewing all this material. Could you…assist me?’ He looked at the crammed shelves, held her close, one hand traveling down her naked back and cupping her tight, exquisite cheeks, his finger sliding into her wet cleft and massaging her still juicy pussy and said ‘Looks like a very long project…I’d be delighted.’ Exactly one year later Hector and Anna sat in a restaurant to celebrate the anniversary of their first night. They occupied a booth of the fancy restaurant, Anna in a tight red gown with a waist-high slit and a pair of matching open-toed stiletto heels that allowed Hector to see the gold toe rings he bought her during a sexy weekend in the Florida Keys. Dinner was a long, sensual affair interspersed with kisses and tender caresses as they fed each other, Hector occasionally making her sigh and sometimes lick his ear as he ran his fingers along her silken inner thighs until he could just feel the heat of her drenched pussy. ‘Hello Anna. It’s so good to see you again.’ He saw Anna glance behind his back just before a beautiful, raven-haired woman walked up to their table. She wore a green dress that was the exact copy of Anna’s except for the keyhole opening that displayed her firm, naked stomach and exposed the hint of her tan line with every step. Hector’s blood rushed from his head when he realized she wore nothing under her gown, just the brief outline of a thong panty. Anna stood and gave this dark, cinnamon-skinned beauty a swift but tender kiss on the cheek. He recognized her. She was Anna’s sexy Egyptian friend, the one who took the erotic harem pictures. ‘This is Saphira, the girl who took the photos we…enjoyed,’ Anna said, putting her arm around her friend’s naked waist. Saphira flashed him a very sexy smile. Both women stood even closer, their provocative hips touching. Hector’s pulse was racing in his body, not knowing, yet anticipating what would happen next. He returned the smile. ‘It’s a pleasure to meet you,’ he said. ‘You do excellent work.’ ‘Thank you,’ Saphira responded in a throaty, accented voice. Anna turned to Saphira. ‘Hector has taken some lovely pictures of me.’ ‘I’d love to see them,’ she answered, flashing Hector a coy smile. ‘Maybe,’ Anna said, ‘you’d liked to pose with me.’ Images of Anna and Saphira naked, their arms and thighs wrapped around each other’s bodies flashed through his mind. He could picture Anna in her black stockings and black heels and Saphira in white, their lithe, long-legged bodies wrapped around each other. ‘Would you like that, baby?’ Anna said with a playful, wicked look on her face. ‘Maybe we could give you some new ideas?’ Saphira asked. Hector stood and took Anna’s hand. ‘I’m sure we could come up with something.’ He offered both women an arm and escorted them out, glad for that rainy afternoon when ‘Dr Love’ had ‘struck out’.