“Young woman, you do realize if you could be with child you may plead your belly?” The judge had tired eyes. Eliza remained quiet, and the audience tittered. “Very well. Lady Elizabeth Jane Morton, you are sentenced to be taken hence to the prison in which you were last confined where, after three Sundays have passed, you will be hanged by the neck until dead. May the Lord God have mercy upon your soul.” Gypsy . . . succubus . . . witch – murmurs, as she was led away. Had they looked beyond the snow-white skin, wild black curls, and eerie calm, they would have seen the bones of her knuckles shining through her skin; she held her hands clenched painfully tight to keep from lashing out at all of them and going absolutely mad. A cell to myself at the end of a narrow, gloomy hall. Dank, always cold. Oozing drips stain the walls rust brown. Insanity – cackles, moans and screams. Fleas, mice and slithering sounds in the darkness. A cot and rough blanket. A long bench to sit upon. Small comforts from Charity Ladies, mercifully none familiar to me. They bring gifts, the smell of perfume, and pity. I accept them all. Today’s treasures – ink, quill pens and paper. Solace found. Eliza fought slumber; it crawled with dark dreams and beckoned with greedy fingers. Hours, long and black, were spent struggling to cling to awareness, her life dwindling away. Regrets stung. Time was short, and peace was as elusive as life. Insanity promised everlasting oblivion, and she was tempted to succumb as so many had around her. Writing gave her temporary respite. There was no one to write, so she wrote for herself; poems, thoughts, lists and letters she would never send. Dear Lord Dover, Do you sleep peacefully? Do your children fare well without their nursemaid in their nursery? Despite what you have done, my prayers are with their poor little souls. I wonder where you hid the necklace and if it calls to you in your dreams. Will it haunt you, as surely I will if there is a God and he grants wishes? My life is forfeit, and still I would rather this death than your wrinkled hands upon me. Lady Elizabeth Jane Morton She folded scribbled-upon paper into tiny birds and sailed them into the courtyard. Sometimes, they landed in the shadows of the gallows themselves, but usually the wind caught them and carried them away to join the plentiful refuse littering London’s streets. GOOD THINGS Father Mayfair House London Carriages Ball gowns The Waltz Flirting James The Dover children BAD THINGS This place A “new” dress – bodice too tight, tattered skirt. A string to tie my hair off my neck – blessed relief. Small things mean so much now. She documented everything, writing furiously, clinging to sanity. A hanging – crowd swelling, sudden and boisterous, fathers lifting children upon their shoulders, vendors selling meat-pies and posies. It was like a country fair, everyone smiling, fun in the air. Her mind screamed, “Don’t! Look away!” But she was compelled to watch. They led the prisoner out. His head was down, but Eliza saw the glistening tears on his death-pale flesh. Placed under the gallows, his feet centered atop the wooden trapdoor, he wept openly. His legs were pinioned, to prevent his soon-to-be flailing feet from finding purchase on the bricklined walls of the famous Long Drop below. The noose was fitted; a large knot of rope adjusted to rest, just so, beneath his left ear. The hangman – cloaked in black – the very specter of death. The prisoner wailed – a high-pitched whine – when the hood was placed over his head. Did he open his eyes then, when the cloth covered his face? Did his lashes catch on the fabric, and did he take it in his mouth, dry and musky as he gulped air, grunting and snorting? Did each prisoner have a new hood, or did that frantic man, about to die, smell the deaths that had come before his, lingering in the cloth? Ghastly snapping sound ringing out of the pit. Imagined? Surely so; the crowd had cheered when the man fell out of sight. Life passes too slowly, too quickly. What prayer will save me from this fate? Eliza was sleeping the first time he came, at dusk. “Do not be afraid.” She was – trapped in here, weak from lack of real food and sunshine; she was helpless. The man sat on the narrow bench. He was rather fine looking, his face somewhat stern and his clothing somber. A cleric, Eliza decided, calming. “Has that much time passed? It must have, for them to send you.” “I want to help you.” She held back a bitter reply; no one could help her. “I do not believe in God.” “I am the only one you need believe in.” He spread his hands wide as if to dare her to argue that he was anything less than flesh and blood. Eliza remained silent, and he reached into his pocket, pulling out a square of paper. He read, “Life passes too slowly, too quickly. What prayer will save me from this fate?” “That is mine!” Eliza bolted from the cot. Too slow. He tucked the note into the folds of his coat. “Yes, I know.” He handed her another scrap of paper, his fingertips brushing her wrist as it changed hands. Her cheeks flooded with color, and she escaped his gaze, reading the words on the page. Proud beauty, angel amidst foul circumstance. I hear you calling, and know you weep. Let me guide you in your dark journey, and give you peace in this dread. In your ruin, find faith in me. What manner of cleric was this? “I told you, I do not have faith.” “And I told you, have faith in me.” “I do not understand.” He lifted his hand, tracing the path a tear made down her cheek. Eliza held very still, quivering under his fingertips. “You do not have to understand, Lizalamb.” She blinked. He’d called her Lizalamb, just like her father had a lifetime ago. How odd. “I’m afraid.” “Of course you are, but you can conquer your fears and all will be well. This I promise. Have faith.” He freed the string she had used to tie her hair back, and reached into his pocket once more. Red ribbons, bows that give girlish pleasure. His voice gruff as he gifted them. What a strange, fascinating man. Eliza nibbled her bottom lip, the treasures clutched in her hand, red ends trailing from her fist. “Will they let me keep them?” “Yes, Liza. No one will bother you anymore.” “Thank you.” A pail of warm water, beside it – wrapped with care – a whole bar of jasmine-scented soap. Eliza plaited the scarlet ribbons into her hair. She waited, writing. A stranger, in my darkest hour, offering peace for my faith, scarlet ribbons to tie my hair. My fate is unchangeable, measured in rope and wood, the dozen yards to my doom. Rise above, fall below. The silent clock keeps ticking. Yet, something about him – sanctuary; already, I am anxious for his return, to feel as I did in those brief moments, when his hands held mine. Hopeful. Finally, he came. It was night. She was sleeping. “Close your eyes.” He placed his hand over them. Eliza struggled, pushing him away. He let her go, holding up his lantern. More handsome than remembered. A trick of light or a young girl’s heart finding something of desire’s fancy in these last days? Lust, peace, comfort. His voice – an anchor in the night. “You can control your reaction to fear if you control your mind. You need not face the unknown at all if you have a place within yourself of peace and serenity, and a means to find it. Change what you think, and you change what you feel.” He opened the little door in the lantern and blew out the flame within. “Close your eyes.” This time she obeyed. Days, hours and precious little life left. What is the harm in doing as he asks? His fingers skimmed her hair. She whimpered but did not move away. “Think of a place, familiar, happy and safe. Go there in your mind. Picture it, smell it, feel it.” Mayfair House – Father, servants, old wood and lemon oil, laughter, parties and endless possibilities. Death, ruin, empty, sold, gone. “I have no safe places.” She had struggled, in this place, to find tranquility as memories crashed in on her, and she wanted more than anything to think of something else. Anything else. “Then make believe. Tell me where you would be, if you could be anywhere you desired.” His smell – crisply clean, manly under soap. A sudden image – him, standing in a lake, surrounded by a meadow dotted with tansies, forget-me-nots and lemon balm. The sky above is endless, blue. His hair is loose, dark. He is naked. “Ahhh,” she sighed. “Tell me.” “No!” “Why not?” “Because!” “This I definitely wish to hear. Tell me.” His voice held a new, teasing note that sent prickles down her arms. “Well,” she said, clearing her throat. “I saw a meadow of wild-flowers and a lake, bluer than the sky.” “And?” “You were there.” “Me? What was I doing?” “You were in the lake.” “Drowning?” He was not old, but he was not young either. A cleric, surely he had heard lustful thoughts before. “No, bathing I think.” “Naked?” “Of course! Clothing would be silly indeed if one were bathing.” “What were you doing, besides watching me?” “That was all I was doing!” “No picnic, no flower gathering or cloud watching?” “Oh, yes! We supped on steak and kidney pies, Devonshire cheeses, and exotic fruit sent in from India.” She laughed. “What eclectic tastes you have! Did I kiss you?” “Oh, my . . . yes. We kissed and kissed,” she said, her voice dreamy and girlish to her ears. “And, were you joyful then, Lizalove?” “Yes. Yes, I was,” she answered, faintly surprised. The next time he came, he carried a rope. “Is this one of the things you fear?” “Yes.” Her gaze darted to the coil of twine. He placed it on her lap, the ends snaking to the ground. Her fingers shrunk away. “Tell me what you fear.” “The way it will feel. The weight of it, the roughness of it, the finality of it.” “Do you trust me?” What is it about him? I am girlish and hopeful, excited to greet the day because he might fill it. Be he cleric or devil, man or beast, in these last days he gives things believed lost forever. I am drowning, willingly. “Yes.” He took the rope from her, his fingers lingering over hers. Her flesh tingled, from his hand to her belly, and between her legs. He made a loop of the rope and hung it around her neck. She did not move. He bunched up her skirt with one hand and held the rope with the other. She met his gaze and spread her legs wider. She wanted his touch, no matter what that made her, or him. His hand slid up the rope until his knuckles brushed the skin under her chin. His other hand curled around her inner thigh, fingers walking a silken path. He pinched her and petted her, and she did not move. “In fear can be found pleasure, just as in darkness can be found light.” Eliza felt the truth of his words as the rope around her neck tightened, the hemp scratchy. Like whiskers, they licked her. She no longer cared about the rope because of what his other fingers did. Her head lolled back against the wall. “Do you feel it?” His breath kissed her cheek. Eliza jutted her hips to his hand. “Yesss.” She watched him lick his lips as he slid his fingers into the hot clutch of her body. “Yes, Lizalove. You feel it.” His eyes were obsidian darkness. Torture – spread wide for him, still, not flinging myself upon him. He gave what was needed yet held back. I know there is more. Twin sighs as fingers pushed inward, curling within. He did not ask about the lack of barrier. “Is the rope a concern now?” “Nooo . . .” Languid, craving the pleasure – forbidden delights. His lips curving against mine, tongue slipping between. Suckling him, an arm looped around his neck, fingers winding in the tangle of his dark hair. “You can find this place too, anytime you wish. Squeeze your cunnie around my fingers.” Cunnie – a startling word, naughty. I like it and think, had I the time, I might find that I am a very, very bad girl after all. Her flesh gripped his fingers, and new pleasures bloomed. His thumb nudged high in her cleft, burning. “Oh, God . . . please.” “Yes indeed, Eliza. Soon, soon.” He withdrew his fingers. She started to pull her thighs together, but he stopped her, tightening the rope around her throat. “Not yet.” She shuddered and stayed spread wide. “Do you touch yourself in the night, Lizalove? Right there?” His hand cupped her yearning flesh again. “Yesss.” “What do you think of ?” “Youuu . . .” She could not lie to him. He removed the loop of rope from her neck. “Think of the darkness, think of the rope, think of my cock,” he said. “Ohhh.” When she opened her eyes, he was gone. She went straight to bed. Losing track of time, sun and moon changing places. He has not returned. Found out? Had all he wanted? Maybe something has happened to him. I do not even know his name. Wondrous gift. A note from him: How can this be? I mourn what is not yet gone! Emptied by the future that does not hold you. Do I risk hell for a heaven here and now? Dare I tempt the rope? I find you guilty of only one thing, angelic thief; you have taken my heart, and wherever you are, I know, there shall my heart be too. Fear not the darkness – I am the dark, and you are my secret, eternal. I will set you free. Give all to me. Still, the Cleric does not come. A new visitor. Why am I so afraid when they tell me? No formal visiting rooms here; Charity Ladies, physicians, clerics and visitors all came to the condemned’s cell when audience was desired. Nothing to tidy, no mirror to check, knowing she had never been dirtier or more ashamed, she stood with her cheek pressed to the bars so she could see whom the guard led to her. James Thomas, Lord Dover’s gardener and her erstwhile suitor. Her knees went weak. She crumpled to the dusty floor; the only thing keeping her from falling was her grip on the metal doors. Shouldn’t she at least be allowed a choice? She was to die. Should she not be given the right to refuse a visitor? She only wished to see the Cleric. She closed her eyes and, only because she refused to be found by anyone groveling in the dirt, she lifted herself up and was standing when the doors opened. “James.” She wished she had it in her to tell him to leave. Leave now and never come back, never think of her again like this. It would be easier for them both. James Sweet, sweet boy. “Eliza, I came as soon as they would allow it!” He did not offer his hand or a hug, and that was not surprising. His courtship had been most proper. It was not in his nature to be overly demonstrative. James Thomas had an innocence about him that still tugged at Eliza’s heartstrings, though she was not in love with him. On the Dover estates, their paths had crossed often. She had spent much of her time out of doors with the children, and James was always to be found rallying the score of servants who attended to Lord Dover’s expansive gardens wherever the family was in residence. She had gently rebuffed his overtures, her heart still wounded over her father’s death and the sudden changes in her life without him, though a part of her had started to warm. James was so sweet, good and kindly. He would make someone a very fine husband, she had started to think. “You should not have come.” She started to say more, but realized that was all there really was to say. Anything they might have had was best forgotten. He should go. She turned away from him. “I had to come! They have not found Lady Dover’s necklace. Lord Dover says if you wish to return home, you know what to do. I guess he means tell them where you hid it, but you cannot have done what they say. Not you. You’re a good person, Eliza, I just know it.” His brown eyes softened, though worry bracketed them with a thicket of frown lines. Lord Dover had sent him. Sent James to tell her to acquiesce to his demands. For that was what his coded message meant. Sleep with me. Be my mistress and all will be forgotten. You can come home again. Could he really do that? she wondered. Have the Court reverse her sentence? Yes. She supposed a man as powerful as Lord Dover, who had managed to get her convicted of theft without any evidence, could do that. All she would have to do was sleep with him. Not just once, for that she may have been able to stomach, but many times, for as long as he desired her. She would have to let the old man do anything he wished with her, anything at all, or it would be back to prison. When her father died, and Lord Dover had offered her the post as nursemaid to his brood, he had seemed so kindly, her father’s old friend, sympathetic to her loss and change of status. With nowhere else to turn, she had gratefully accepted the position. Very soon, it became apparent that the old man had motives other than kindliness. His pursuit of her had been relentless. After he’d tried to sneak into her chambers one night, despite having nowhere to go, Eliza had been on the verge of fleeing when he had sprung the theft trap, and had her arrested. He had made her the same offer before the authorities arrived to take her away. Sleep with me. Be my mistress, and all will be forgotten. “James, you may tell Lord Dover I did not take the necklace.” She would still rather die than be his plaything. Maybe she had gone insane after all in this place. “Eliza! There must be a way to stop this nonsense. You cannot hang for something you did not do!” Emotion seemed to overcome him, and he reached for her hand, which she allowed him to hold for a moment before gently pulling away. “Please, just go.” “I wanted us to marry, you know.” His voice broke. “James, you barely know me. You need to forget about me.” “How can I? I love you.” He made to reach for her again, and she moved away, unable to face the pain in his gentle brown eyes. Once she had dreamed of love, and marriage. Back then, she would have rebuffed this boy’s advances, preferring to dally with the affections of older, richer men. The daughter of a lord, she had her pick of powerful, handsome suitors, and had been sure she had plenty of time to settle on the right match. “James, I do not love you. You are a gardener. Nothing changes that. You and I were never meant to be together. Had my circumstance been different, I would not have deigned even to speak with you.” Harsh words, meant to hurt, and not entirely true, for she had always been nice to everyone. They were words designed to send him away, to make him think of her no more. “How can you say that? You were always so kind. So nice. I could tell you liked me too.” His look of bemused hurt almost made her stop. “Like I told you before, you never really knew me at all. Now, go. Please. Deliver my message to Lord Dover and forget all about me.” “Eliza!” “Guard! He’s ready to leave.” She did not watch as he was taken away and would not have seen even had she looked. Tears flooded her vision and choked her breathing. Though she had not loved James, in him she had glimpsed the possibility of a future, of a life without her father that, while different, would be liveable. Sending him away, she finally allowed herself to mourn all of her losses. Her tears did not stop for days. More than once, she was tempted to give in to Lord Dover’s demands so that she might live. And still, the Cleric did not return. I would give him anything. My dreams are filled with images of him, naked in the darkness. He is all I have left. He is all I desire. A pail of warm water, beside it – wrapped with care – a whole bar of jasmine-scented soap. He’s coming. When she woke the moon was high, and he was there. He stood near the window. Beyond him, she saw falling snowflakes. She moved to one side of the cot, telling him in the action exactly what she wanted from him. He was upon her before she could let out a breath. He pulled up her skirt and they crashed together. Their mouths clung, and their hands clutched. His whiskers abraded her skin. She arched into the pain of it, needing him with a violence that was frightening. He ran his hands slowly over her body. Eliza thought he meant to be tender then, and she did not want his kindness. She wrapped her fingers around his arms, her torn nails ripping into his flesh, dragging him down to her. He fisted his hands in her hair and yanked her into place beneath him. She spread her legs wide, welcoming him like the whore she had been called. He devoured her mouth, leaving it only to lick his way to her nipples, biting and suckling them through the bodice of her dress until she moaned, forcing him to clasp his hand over her mouth. He undid his trousers. She felt the heat of him slide into her. There was no pain, only a sense of fullness and pleasure. He rose over her, propping himself up upon his hands. She opened her mouth to lick a corded muscle in his arm. A droplet of sweat seeped from his skin, and she savored its salt on her tongue. She came, in a flood – sudden, harsh and sweet – and then so did he, lifting himself out of her, stroking his cock as he knelt between her thighs, shooting his seed onto her belly. “Lizalove.” He kissed the bruises his passion had left upon her. “I do not even know your name.” She rubbed his release into her flesh. “William.” “Thank you, William.” Another day. “There is one more thing, Liza.” She nodded. I will give him anything he wishes for, and not ask a single question. I will do anything he wants; this is all I will ever have. He wrapped his fingers around her throat, his other hand delving between her thighs. “Hold your breath, Lizalove. Do not breathe for as long as you can, until you grow dizzy.” William kissed her, pushing his breath into her mouth, showing her how to breathe, slowly and deeply. She took his breath into her body, holding it when he squeezed her throat. It was difficult, not gasping for air, not panting with lust, but she looked into his eyes, and found euphoria in the control he showed her. She went with him to the place he had shown her, the peaceful meadow. His fingers worked magic, and her body opened for his bunched, fucking fingers. Before it was over, he pushed his cock into her, choking her as he took her. He came flooding into her body just as she was overtaken by darkness. “Breathe,” he said, giving her his own breath until hers returned to normal. He held her. “I wish I could do more,” he said as she closed her eyes to shut out everything but him. “Just remember, there is always light, after the darkness. Always.” And, for the first time, Eliza believed. They came for her later, the hangman’s assistant and the warden. They tied her hands behind her back and led her into the morning sun. Her feet made clumsy imprints in the blanket of blinding white snow. The air was crisp and cold. Eliza saw her breath – a warm fog of life she walked through before she closed her eyes. The crowd cheered, but she was far away, at a pristine lake, with a man who loved her. Flowers bloomed all around them and she wore red ribbons in her hair. Under the gallows, she breathed deeply, calmly until peace flooded her. She opened her eyes again when the hangman placed his hand upon her shoulder. Eliza looked into his eyes – death’s eyes, the hangman’s eyes, William’s eyes. “Have faith,” she heard him whisper. Then there was only darkness.