Erica Thomas dropped her keys and cursed loud enough for her neighbors to hear. She didn't usually curse, but this was just one of those days when nothing seems to go right. First, she had been late for class that morning. Then, she had trouble with some students and then the stupid faculty meeting that afternoon. Why did they have to have faculty meetings on Friday afternoons? She finally got her key in the lock and opened her door. Her tiny apartment smelled musty. She was going to get down and really give it a cleaning one day in the near future. It just seemed like she was always so tired. She put her books down and flopped down on her couch. She knew it was not really the faculty meeting or the hard work lately that was bothering her. What was really bothering her was a student named Tim Douglas. Tim was one of the worst boys in school, and today she had found out just how bad he could be. She had come upon Tim and Susan Clark at the back of the building just after school had ended. Tim had Susan backed up against the wall and Erica could see his hand groping underneath her short skirt. Erica was speechless. She knew she should step in and stop them, but somehow all she could do was watch. Tim was kissing Susan. His lips were on her throat. Susan was moaning. "Oh, Tim," she said. "Oh Tim, baby! I need you! I need you so!" Erica turned red as she saw Susan reach for Tim's crotch. Susan had practiced fingers and she quickly had Tim's zipper pulled down. Erica stepped forward. "Stop that this instant!" Tim and Susan jumped apart at the sound of Erica's voice. Tim slowly zipped up his trousers. He looked a little sheepish, but he didn't look ashamed. "What were you doing?" "Hell," Tim said in a disgusted tone. "You know what we were doing." Erica turned her most discouraging look on Susan. She could see the young girl visibly flinch under her stare. "You should be ashamed," Erica said. "Fuck you," Tim replied. Erica couldn't believe she'd heard him right. "What!" "Fuck you," he said savagely. "You were standing there watching us. You're just an old-maid schoolteacher with hot panties. You need some cock." Erica was amazed and shocked. She had never been talked to so roughly by a student. She knew that other teachers had, but she had always been able to handle the students. Now she wasn't sure how she was going to handle Tim. "I'm taking you to the office," Erica said weakly. "Sure," Tim shrugged. "Do your fucking worst. You're still an old-maid schoolteacher." She had been fuming as she led him to the school office. Mister Saunderson had been very sympathetic when he heard what Tim had to say. Tim's parents were called in. Tim was forced to make an apology, but he made it with a half smile on his face. Susan was taken home crying. "You realize, Erica," Mister Saunderson said, "that we have to keep this quiet. It could damage Susan's reputation if it got out." As if Erica was going to talk about it! Now, as she lay on the couch, she tried to discover just what had upset her so much. It wasn't like she hadn't heard the words before. She had heard those words and lots worse. What, then, had upset her? She had to admit the truth to herself Tim had called her an old maid and that had hurt. Those words had struck her where she was the most sensitive. She didn't consider herself an old maid. After all, she was only thirty years old and men still considered her attractive. She was at a good marital age. The problem was that she was scared of men. Petrified. Thirty years old and still a virgin. Only one person had ever looked at her full breasts, besides her doctor, and that had been a boy in high school. He had put his hand on her tits and she had allowed him to take liberties until she couldn't stand it any longer. Now, she would very seldom even kiss a man and men would only date her a few times before they went on to greener pastures. What is wrong with me? Erica asked herself. She wanted to be loved. She was excited thinking about men, but she would start getting frightened when a man got too close. She just couldn't understand herself. Erica picked up her copy of the TV Guide and thumbed through it, looking for something interesting. She sighed. It looked like another boring evening at home. Nothing on television and no prospects for the entire weekend. She went to her cabinet and fixed herself a drink. It seemed like she was drinking more and more lately. Alcohol was the only thing that would allow her to really relax. She finished her drink quickly and made herself another. She was already having a slight buzz in her head. The doorbell rang. "Damn," Erica said. "Who could that be?" She brushed her skirt down and tucked her white blouse back in. She took a quick look in the mirror. Her dark black hair was tangled as it usually was. She opened the door. Any other time she would have kept the chain on the door and only cracked it. But tonight she was feeling impatient and wanted to get rid of her uninvited guest quickly. The first person she saw was Tim Douglas. "What do you want?" she asked, and then she noticed the four boys behind him. All of them were seniors and all were wearing the same stupid grins. "You turned me in," Tim accused, "and you got Susan into trouble. I don't care about me, but you had no business getting Susan into trouble." "Get out of here!" Erica demanded. "No," Tim my said. "Not until we talk." "Then I'm going to call the police," Erica said. "I won't have you here." She started for the phone, but Tim was quicker. He pushed past her and stood in front of the phone so that she couldn't reach it. Suddenly she was afraid. There was a look in Tim's eyes that she didn't like. She turned for the door, but the other four boys were blocking her way. One boy turned and shut the door and put the chain back into place. "Let me out!" Erica commanded. "Not until we finish what we came here to do," Tim said. She realized she still had her drink in her hand. She threw it into Tim's face and started screaming. Her scream was cut short by a boy slipping in behind her and pressing his hand over her mouth. Tim hit her in the stomach. All her breath emptied out with a whoosh. Her knees felt weak. She dropped her glass to the carpeted floor. The boy behind her released her and she almost fell. "Now shut up!" Tim said. "Shut up or I'll hit you again, and next time it'll really hurt." She knew he meant what he said. Tim played football and he was very strong. Erica looked for mercy in the faces of the other boys. She knew them all. All of them had a class under her. Danny Jeffries, Bill Hake, Joe Tyler and Carl Fenstein. Carl and Danny played football with Tim, but the other two boys were good students. "Joe," she said. "Bill. Why are you letting him do this? I've never hurt you." There was no mercy in their eyes. "Such a tough teacher," Bill said. "Always pushing us around and fussing at us. Well, now we're here to teach you a few things that school doesn't teach." "Maybe it should," Carl laughed. "That way we wouldn't have to learn on the streets." "What do you mean?" Erica asked. Tim grinned. "Have you ever been fucked, Miss Thomas?" A cold chill went up Erica's back. She'd been afraid but never petrified. She'd always thought that she could handle any student as far as physical violence was concerned. Now she wasn't so sure. She had felt the strong anus that held her steady and the brutal hand over her mouth. These weren't just little children. These boys were strong. "No," Erica said. "You can't mean that." "I mean it," Tim said. "We've come over to fuck you. We're going to give you a thrill." "No!" Erica screamed. She went for the door with all her strength. She flailed her arms and cut at the boys with her fingernails. Bill caught her about the waist, but she scratched and drew blood from his arm. He grunted and let her go. She clawed at Carl's eyes and felt him jump away. For a moment she was free of them. She jerked open the door and forgot about the chain. Fumbling, she tried to jerk the chain off the hook, but then someone grabbed her arm. She turned slightly and kicked out with her foot. She connected with a solid blow. She saw Danny's hands go to his crotch and his face turn a bright red. He keeled over and started moaning in pain. She got the chain off the door and was almost outside. "Bitch!" Tim screamed. He grabbed her hair and she tried to bite him. He slammed a hard fist into the small of her back. She got her teeth into his hand. He screamed as she drew blood. She wouldn't release his hand and he began to hit her with his free hand. Twice he connected to the side of her head. She tasted her own blood. Then someone else was grabbing at her. "Hold her arms, Goddamn it!" "I can't! She keeps scratching me!" "Bitch!" Again a hand connected against the side of her head. This time it dazed her. She released her hold on Tim's hand a little. Tim jerked his hand out of her mouth and began to strike her with both hands. Again and again he hit the side of her head. She found herself sliding down to the floor. "Goddamn bitch!" Tim muttered. "Carl, shut the door." "What if somebody heard all that?" "Hell, I knew someone must have heard it. We've got to get her out of here if we're going to get any. Get Danny to bring the car around." "Danny ain't going nowhere. He's hurting." "Well, you get it then." Erica's vision was a little blurry. She could taste blood. Someone gave her a rough kick in the side. "Goddamn bitch!" Tim growled. "Goddamn silly bitch!" Erica felt herself being lifted up. Someone draped a shawl over her shoulders. She was thinking that it was nice of them to bring her a shawl, but then she remembered that it wasn't cold outside. She was pushed along outside and forced into a car. She realized then that it wasn't a shawl but a blanket. She was forced into the floorboard and she was covered with a blanket. "Don't say a word, bitch!" Tim warned. "Don't say a word or I'll kill you!" She must have passed out because she didn't remember anything about the car ride. The next thing she remembered was waking up and being pushed from the car. They were in a wooded glen. There was a stream nearby. She could barely hear the babbling, bubbling brook. "Where are we?" she asked. "It doesn't matter, bitch!" Tim shoved her forward. "You'll like it." Her vision began to clear. All four boys were standing around her. Tim had walked down to the stream to clean his hand. When he came back, he had a bandage wrapped around it. "I hope you don't give me blood poison or something," Tim said. "You?" Danny remarked. "What about me? She may have ruptured me for life." Erica had put her mark on all the boys. Either scratches or teeth marks. "Bitch!" Tim roared. He slapped her across the face. "Now you're all alone out here. You can scream if you want to. You can holler and yell, but nobody is going to hear you. If you give me any more trouble, I'm going to beat you black and blue. Do you understand?" "Yes," Erica mumbled. "Then you're going to be no more trouble?" Erica knew she could run. She might outdistance them for a few minutes, but then she would be caught. And she was tired, and it seemed like every bone ached. "No," she said. "I'll give you no trouble." Tim smiled a soft smile. Before she realized what he was going to do, he bent down and kissed her on the mouth. She found his lips surprisingly gentle. He kissed her softly on the mouth and then her cheek and then his lips brushed against her neck. "You are a beautiful woman, Miss Thomas," Tim said softly. "We wouldn't have hurt you if you hadn't made us. We didn't come here to hurt you. Just to give you a little fun." His hand was suddenly on her right breast. He began to stroke it gently through the blouse. She felt her nipple betray her and become erect. "What a nice, round tit," Tim said. "So big and full. I'd like to swallow it whole." He pressed his body against her. She flinched when she felt his prick stirring against her. "Come on, Tim," Carl said. "Let's put her on the blanket. You can't fuck standing up." Erica's eyes opened wide as she saw the boys taking out the blanket and stretching it on the ground. Tim took her hand and led her to the blanket. "You're nice and soft," Tim said as he stroked the curve of her buttock. "I bet you've got a beautiful body." Erica didn't want him talking about her body. She didn't want his hand stroking her buttock. She was frightened and she was getting tense, the way she did every time a man touched her. Tim seemed to feel her nervousness. "It's all right," he said. "I'm good. All the girls tell me I'm good. You just relax and I'll make you feel good." Tim pushed her down on the blanket and he stretched out beside her. His hand went back to her tit. "Hot titty," he said. "You're got a hot titty. I bet you're burning up." She wasn't burning up. She was cold. As cold as ice and her hands were trembling. "Relax," he said. "Just relax." He began to kiss her again. His lips felt good against her own. He pressed harder and she began to feel frightened again. He left her lips and started kissing her throat. He really did have experienced lips. He was making her buzz again and this time it wasn't alcohol. She felt strangely warm between her thighs. No man had ever done that to her. She felt his fingers an the top buttons of her blouse. "Come on," Carl said. "Let's get to fucking." She went cold again. "Goddamn it!" Tim said bitterly. "Can't you guys keep your mouths shut?" "But I want to get on it," Carl protested. Tim stood up with his hands on his hips. Carl looked down at the ground. "You four take a walk down the path. I'll call you when I'm finished." "But what if she gets violent again?" Tim looked down at Erica. "She won't. She doesn't like getting beaten up, and she knows that'll happen if she tries anything again." The other four looked reluctant to leave. Tim walked toward them. "Get out of here," he said. Erica watched as each boy turned and walked away. Tim waited until they had vanished down the wood path. Then he turned back to Erica. "Why did you send them away?" Erica asked. "Because I don't like all that company," he shrugged. Again he bent down beside Erica. She felt his strong arms go around her shoulders and he pulled her close to him. Surely, Erica thought, she couldn't be feeling this way about a young boy, a boy she didn't even like. But his lips were searching out hers again and she couldn't pull her face away. "Kiss me, Erica," he said. "Kiss me like you really mean it." She didn't know what he meant, but she opened her mouth to his probing tongue. She felt warm again as his tongue entered her mouth and brushed against hers. She tried to draw his tongue deeper into her mouth, forgetting that she was being raped. His hands came back to the buttons of her blouse. He undid them slowly and she blushed red as his eyes took in her full tits confined in her black bra. "Ummmmmm," he muttered. "I knew you had big tits. Nice big ones for me to kiss and suck on." She felt a warmth creep up her back from her cunt. Her head was dizzy. She kept thinking about other times when a boy had gotten this far with her. Then she had started protesting and he had stopped, but she knew Tim was not going to stop. Before he was done, he was going to take her virginity. Tim's hands went behind her back and easily unhooked her bra straps. She realized that he had plenty of experience unhooking bras. He pulled her bra off her shoulders and looked down at her. His eyes were filled with lust. "Good Lord," he said softly. "You have got a pair of tits. The nicest I've ever seen." She wanted to be ashamed of his wards, but she didn't feel ashamed. Instead she felt herself pushing her tits up at him so that he could get a better view. "I've got to suck on those," he said. He pushed his face down into the crevice between her soft white titties. He began to suck in her tender flesh between her tits. "Ummm," Erica moaned. Those experienced lips were once again delighting her. She couldn't understand the way her body was acting. Always before it had grown so cold with a boy, but now she was hot all over. She pressed her tingling thighs together. His lips traveled up one gentle slope of her tits and paused at the huge brown nipple. She arched her back as his tongue flicked at her nipple. "Please," Erica moaned. "Please what?" he asked. "Do you want me to take your titty into my mouth?" "Oh yes," she begged. "Please." He opened his lips and accepted the brown nipple into his mouth. He gobbled up as much of her creamy flesh as his mouth could contain. Erica kept trying to push more into his mouth. She was moaning loudly, perhaps loud enough for the other boys to hear down the trail, but she didn't care who heard as long as he kept sucking her tit. "Oh God," she said. "Your mouth is so good. I've needed that for so long." He continued to suck her tits, but his hands were tugging up her skirt. He got it up to her waist. She knew her long, tanned legs would be revealed to him. Also her black panties. He began to rub her crotch. Never had she experienced the tingling excitement that shot through her. She lodged her tingling thighs together against his hand and began to rub her pussy against him. He released her titty and began to tease her nipple with his tongue. His teasing tongue made her hotter and her hips began to move faster. "You're a hot little piece," he laughed. "I thought you would be." He stood up. Erica groaned as the hands left her body. "It's okay," he said. "I'm coming back. And I do mean coming." Erica realized that her eyes had been tightly shut and now she opened them. Tim was undressing. She blushed red as he pulled off his trousers to reveal the bulge in his shorts. Her eyes were riveted to the bulge as he stripped off his shorts. It was the first time she'd ever seen a real cock. Tim's cock was hard and throbbing and her eyes opened wide at the length of his prick. She began to feel afraid again. "Don't tense up," Tim warned. "You'll like it." She fixed her glance on the long length of his cock, the taut foreskin pulled back to reveal the blood-filled cock-head. "Oh God," Erica said. Tim once more knelt beside her. He took her hand and placed it on his rigid meat. "Feel it," he said. "Rub it. You'll get used to it after a while." His cock felt hot in her sensitive fingers. She traced the length of his prick. Cautiously she lifted each of his heavy balls. She had read all about sex but nothing could have prepared her for the hot and trembling cock she held in her hand. "Kiss it," Tim said. She couldn't do that. Oh no, she couldn't ever do a nasty thing like that. Then why was she brushing her dark hair back and lowering her head toward his shiny knob? She didn't know. "Good," Tim said as her lips touched the end of his cock. She could taste his lubricating fluid and it wasn't a bad taste. Just very, very male. She found she was growing more excited. "Take it into your mouth," Tim said. "Suck my cock, Miss Thomas." She parted her lips slightly and took some of his hot cock-flesh between her teeth. She realized that now she could hurt him, now she could dig her teeth in and he wouldn't be able to chase her. But she didn't want to. He had completely conquered her. She wanted his cock. She sucked his prick into her throat, thinking of him as a hot sword that was stabbing her vitals. She knew her nipples were burning hot and her panties were already soaked with her hot juices. God, how she was enjoying it. Why hadn't she let some boy go this far? Why hadn't somebody demanded it? She knew now that if some man had demanded it, she would have given it to him long ago. "That's all," Tim said. "I've got to have your cunt. Lay back and let me pull off your panties." She stretched out. He pulled off her panties and she lifted her hips to help him. Now he was looking directly at her quivering cunt-lips. Shame overtook her and she tried to close her legs. "No," he said, pulling her legs apart. "You have a beautiful cunt. Don't try to hide it." She allowed herself to be viewed. "God," Tim said. "That looks eatable." She shuddered as she saw him bend his face down to her cunt. A moment later she felt his tongue in her pubic hairs. He was curling her hairs with his tongue. "Ohhhh," Erica moaned. He pushed his tongue into her cunt. He was drinking her juices. She could feel him swallowing. She'd always thought that a dirty thing to do. Eating pussy was something nasty that boys talked about, and you read about in dirty books. Nice people didn't do things like that. But his tongue was in her pussy, and she was moaning loudly and rubbing her cunt against him. Tim found her clit, and she screamed out loud. She pressed her hands to her forehead and began to grind her cunt harder against his face. He sucked her clit into his mouth and rubbed it between his lips. He touched it with his tongue and electric sparks flew through her body. "God!" Erica moaned. "Oh God, what are you doing to me? Oh dear God!" Now he was eating her cunt. He was taking in pieces of flesh and actually chewing them gently. He began to rub her big titties. Anything to help the hot fires that were threatening to burn her up. Suddenly there was a different feeling there. It was a tingling that was growing in her cunt. Was this how a climax felt? Was she about to have her first? "Oh Jesus!" Erica moaned. "Oh God and Jesus! Help me! I'm dying! I'm burning up. Oh, I'm going to come. I know I am. I'm going to COME!" Her hips writhed underneath his tongue as she emptied her cunt-juices in a flood into his mouth. He swallowed quickly drinking all of her cunt-juices. As her trembling subsided, she realized that her thighs were squeezing his face. "Ummmmmm," she moaned. "Oh God, that was good. I've never felt anything like it." "Now it's time," Timothy said. "While you're still all juicy and hot." Tim stretched out on top of her. His hard chest mashed her huge titties flat. He brushed his mouth against her lips and then her throat. "Spread your legs again," he said. "Spread them wide because I've got a lot to give you." She opened her thighs and felt his hard cock at her cuntal entrance. She was still afraid, but she wasn't as afraid as she'd been in the past. Tim was strong and he was demanding and she felt weak and helpless in his arms. He pushed at her cunt. She felt a brief pain as his prick entered her pussy and broke through her virgin walls. Tim was experienced in fucking. He made his penetration quick. Before she realized it, his cock was deep into her and his balls were resting against her cunt. "Shit," Tim said. "You're got a tight cunt. Tighter than I could have imagined." He directed her to raise her legs and wrap them around his back. She did so and felt his cock go even deeper into her. He began to move his prick around in her cunt without withdrawing. "I'm going to make you come again," he said. "Before my hot cock gives you my load of cum. I'm going to make you come again." She didn't think it possible but his cock was again exciting her. She could feel the heat in her groin and her nipples were getting hard again. She wrapped her arms around his back and squeezed him tight. "Oh," she said. "Oh, Tim!" He could feel her immediate excitement as he began to really fuck her. He started pushing his cock in and out of her cunt, feeling her moan each time his hardness rubbed against her sensitive clit. "Shit!" he said. "Shit, you're making me feel good!" Tim could feel an aching in his balls. He hadn't expected Miss Thomas to be so easy. He had expected her to fight him more, and to be a bad fuck in the end. He had only wanted to punish her for what she did to him and Susan. He had never expected to enjoy it so much. But she was a hot bitch. As soon as he saw her titties, he knew she was going to be good. Really good. He began to quicken his stroke. He moved his hands up to caress her titties. Such nice titties. Carl was really going to enjoy her because he liked a girl with big titties. Of course, he also liked a girl that fought him and it didn't look like Miss Thomas was going to fight. Hell, she was hotter than a Fourth of July firecracker. She was better than Susan. Tim admitted that to himself. Half the fucking time, Susan simply lay there like a dead log and allowed herself to be fucked. Now and then she was willing to suck his cock but only for a few minutes. Tim decided that he was going to make a long weekend out of it. Teacher was going to get more than she could handle. "God," Erica was moaning. "Oh God, I can feel your cock growing in me. I know you're going to come. I know I'm going to come. Oh faster! Fuck me faster!" It was the first time Erica had said the word fuck in her life, and she found it excited her even more to hear it coming from her own lips. She ground her hot cunt harder against his stiff prick. God, how she loved it. It was different than she had thought. There was only pain in the beginning. After that, there was nothing to be frightened of. She knew Tim must have thought her the worst kind of whore. After all, he had come to rape her and now she was enjoying it. Women who got raped weren't suppose to be enjoying it. But his hands were caressing her hot titties and his cock felt so good going inside her. "Jesus," she moaned. "I'm going to come! I'm going to come! Oh fuck, I can't stand it! Oh fuck me hard, Tim!" Tim fucked her as violently as he could. He felt her hips begin to jerk underneath him and then her hot juices were once again flowing out. He felt the heat around his cock-head as she pushed her cunt against him. "Shit," Tim said. "I'm going to flood your hot cunt. I'm going to really give it to you! I'm going to fill your hot cunt with my cum! Oh shitttttt!" She lifted her ass as she felt him jerk, and then his hot cum was hitting her cunt walls. She felt his cock jerking spasmodically as he emptied himself out into her. "God," Tim moaned. "God! God! God! God! God!" Finally he was done. His prick gave one last jerk and he emptied out the last of his hot love juice. She was able to stop trembling as he fell away from her. "God," he said. "That was the best I ever had. The best anybody ever had." Tim stood up and started gathering up his clothes. Erica started to do the same. "No," Tim said. "There's no sense in putting on your clothes." She realized what he meant. "You're not giving me to them," she said. "You said I was good. I can be good for you some more. Only don't let them have me!" "Sorry," Tim said. "You really are good and you're going to be good for me some more. But it's their turn." Erica ran. She had no idea where she was running to, but she knew she had to get away. It had been in the back of her mind that by being nice to Tim she could avoid being fucked by the other four. But now she knew that was no good and she had to get away. "Hey!" Tim yelled. "She's getting away!" Tim was tugging on his trousers as he started after her. He didn't have them on good and he tripped and fell. She was running into the stream before he could get up to follow her. She ran into the darkest part of the wood. She had no idea of what to do except keep running. Perhaps she could find a road or a highway or at least someone to help. "Over here!" Carl yelled. Suddenly she was face to face with Carl. He had run around the wood and cut her off. He grabbed her. "Come on, Teacher," he said softly. "Let's get to it. You'll like my cock better than you liked Tim's." "Let me alone!" She kicked at him. He was too fast for her. He grinned as her foot missed him by inches. She could hear footsteps behind her. "You've got a beautiful pair of jugs," Carl said. "Let me feel them." She went straight at him. For the second time he was surprised by her violence. She caught him on the cheek with her fingers and scratched until she drew blood. He stepped backwards and she kicked him in the leg. She missed his groin by bare inches. He reached for her arms, but she kicked him again. He groaned. This time her foot had connected solidly with his groin. "You fucking bitch!" He still tried to reach for her again, but she slipped past him and started to run as fast as her legs would carry her. Twigs and brush scratched her. "Here!" Carl yelled. "Here! The bitch hit me in the balls. She's got a quick foot." Erica slipped into some brush. She didn't dare to look out, but she heard their footsteps as they passed. As soon as they got up the trail, she darted out. She ran back for the car. She knew if she could only reach it she would leave them behind. Then she would go to a police station or something. Even as she thought of the police, Erica knew she would never go there. She didn't want anybody to know of her humiliation. She reached the stream again. She ran up the hill to the car. She opened the door and slid inside. She reached for the ignition. No key. "Is this what you're looking for?" Joe was standing beside the door. He had a grin on his face. He held the keys in his hand. "I thought you might come back here," he said. "It wouldn't do to let you get away yet. I'm horny as hell, and Carl is mad as hell. Why don't you give it up? You really can't get away, you know. Just give in, Miss Thomas. It'll be easier that way." She opened the door with a violent shove and caught Joe right in the stomach. He gave a whoosh and hit the ground. His face had turned a pale and sickly white. She tried to force the keys out of his hand, but he held them tightly. He reached for her. She gave him a hard kick on the side of the head and heard him groan. She started running back up the road. She could hear Joe cursing her loudly. She followed the path for as long as she dared and then she went into the brush once more. She heard a car. She had jumped into the bushes just in time. The car came up the path. It came slowly but still faster than she could run. She looked around her. Dense brush and trees would make it impossible to run, so she had to find another way. She waited until the car was past and then she darted back out onto the road once more. She ran into Tim's arms. "Give it up," Tim said. "You can't get away." "I will," Erica said firmly. "No, you won't," Tim said. "You can't. There's nowhere you can run." Erica circled him cautiously. She couldn't believe that just a few minutes before he had been giving her so much pleasure. "Stay away from me," she warned. "Don't come near me or I'll hurt you!" Tim shrugged. "I won't try, but you can't get away. Carl's right behind you." Like a dummy, Erica fell for his trick. She turned her head to look and suddenly Tim tackled her. He knocked her to the ground and his hands went around her. He pinned her arms to her sides and started calling for help. "I've got her!" he yelled. She kicked at him, but she couldn't get in a hard kick. He only laughed as she wiggled in his arms. "Don't!" he warned. "You're turning me on again with all that wiggling." She realized that any more resistance was futile. She quit wiggling. She looked up to see that three of the boys had returned. Then the car came back and Carl got out. "Let her go," Carl said. They surrounded her in a semi-circle and each of the boys took his belts off. She swallowed nervously. "Are you sure?" Tim asked. "She's a wildcat." "I'm sure," Carl said. "Let her go." Tim released her and jumped back, Erica went straight at Carl. She was going to dig her nails into him again. Then his leather belt caught her in the face. She fell backwards and he came after her. This time he slapped her with his free hand. She went after him, but the leather belt stopped her. "I'm going to teach you a lesson," Carl said quietly. The belt came down against her shoulders. She twisted around and another belt seemed to come out of nowhere. She screamed as she tried to get away from the slashing belts, but they were everywhere. A buckle dug into her soft white skin. A trickle of blood ran down her stomach. "Stop!" Erica moaned. "Please stop!" The belts stopped. Carl stepped up and slapped her face. He slapped her again. She tried once more to reach his face. This time he hit her with his doubled-up fist. She went to the ground. The cut on her lips had opened again. She was crying softly. "Pick her up," Carl said. "Lean her across the car. I'm going to teach her a lesson she'll never forget." Strong arms lifted her up and put her across the car. Hands positioned her the way Carl ordered. She turned her head slightly and she saw Carl stripping off his trousers. "No!" "Oh yes, bitch," Carl said. "I'm going to teach her to kick me in the balls. I'm going to stick it up your ass!" She tried to twist away, but strong arms held her still. Carl stripped off his pants. "Oh my God!" His cock jutted up from between his thighs. It was twice the size of Tim's. It was a fucking nick, used to going to cunt, experienced by many girls who enjoyed fucking and sucking it. She knew that just by looking at it, just as she knew that he was not going to be gently with her. He was mad and he wanted her to feel his anger. "In the ass, Teacher," he said. "Right up your ass." He slapped her ass-cheeks a few times and then he leaned against her. He bit her neck. She could feel that monster cock pushing against her inner thighs. "Please don't!" Erica begged. "Oh please don't hurt me!" There was no pity in him. He reached around and began to brutally fondle her titties. He pinched her nipples and she cried out in pain. He pushed. A searing pain shot through her. She began to twist violently, trying to tear her hands out of the grasp of the ones who held her. No amount of begging helped. His cock slowly tore into her ass. "Tight," he muttered. "You've got a tight ass. Such a sweet, tight ass." His hips jerked as he pressed his cock all the way into her asshole. His balls rested against her. He squeezed her nipple again and he laughed loudly. "How do you like it, Teacher?" he questioned. "How do you like a cock in the ass?" Erica groaned as he began to fuck her ass. He drove his cock in and out of her ass with violent strokes. She knew he wanted to hurt her and he was. Her ass ached as he fucked her. He began to pant. "Oh shit!" he moaned. "You're too tight. You're too tight and I can't stand it. I'm going to cum! I'm going to fill your ass with my cum! Oh shit, oh shit, shit, shit!" She moaned as his prick jerked in her ass and his hot cum began to pour into her. The boys let go of her as Carl finished fucking her. Finally he was done and his limp prick escaped her rectum. He gave her a hard slap on the buttocks. "Good ass," he said softly. "Fucking good ass." Erica was in pain. She slowly lifted herself off the car and looked at the other boys. "Okay," Danny said. "Let's get her back to our camping place. The rest of us want a turn." She cringed. The rest of them wanted their turn. Three more boys were going to fuck her. She couldn't find the strength to run anymore. And she was afraid. Carl had made her afraid. She knew that for the rest of her life she would jump every time she heard his voice. She found herself being pushed back into the car. Danny sat beside her. "Don't feel bad, Miss Thomas," Danny said soothingly, his hand caressing her tit. "Carl's kind of rough, but I'm a gentle guy. I like an easy fuck." His other hand was probing between her thighs. One finger slipped into her cunt. He began to massage her cunt walls. Erica gave a little moan. "Now, doesn't the feel good, Miss Thomas?" he asked. "Doesn't it feel good?" Erica wouldn't have admitted it, but his finger did feel good. He was rubbing her clit and lighting the fires once again. He bent his head and sucked one of her nipples. He began to gently suck on her, rolling the nipple between his lips and teeth. "Oh God!" Erica said. "Not again! Oh God, not again!" Danny sucked more of her flesh into his mouth. His tongue rubbed along her nipple as he sucked like a little baby on her creamy titty flesh. Erica started moving against the finger that was heating her pussy up. She couldn't help herself. She had been beaten and abused by these boys, but she still couldn't help being aroused by them. The car stopped. Danny took his finger out of her cunt and put it between his lips. "Hot cunt-juice," Danny said. "Nothing tastes better." Danny pulled her out of the car. They were back at the spot near the dyer once again. Danny held her hand as he pulled her toward the blanket. "You'll love it, baby," he said. God, Erica couldn't believe that she was already looking with anticipation at his bulging crotch. He unzipped and kicked off his trousers. His huge prick was confined by his shorts. He stripped his shorts off to reveal his massive cock already hard and trembling. "Lay back, Miss Thomas," he said. "Lay back and spread your legs. I'm going to fuck you good." Erica sank down on the blanket. He was at her immediately. He gave her no time to ready herself for his cock. He simply fell down on top of her body and plunged into her cunt. She groaned as his cock went deep into her pussy. "Oh God!" Danny cried. "This is good. Oh shit! Oh fuck! This is good." He began to fuck her in quick, violent strokes. She wanted him to slow down, but he started pinching her ass and urging her on to quicker speed. She gasped as she saw Joe getting out of his clothes. He had a limp-prick, but as he began to massage it, his cock grew hard and straight. He came to her head and knelt down beside her. "Here, Teacher," he said softly. "Raise your head and turn it my way. I'm hot enough to explode." Surely he couldn't mean to push that thing into her mouth! But that was exactly what he meant to do. He put his hand underneath her head and pulled her head up. "Turn, damn you! Turn and suck my cock. I want you to drink all my cum. I've wanted to since the first time I saw you in a classroom. I said to myself, Joe, she's going to suck your cock someday." "No!" Erica protested. "I can't!" "Suck it!" he commanded. "Suck my pecker!" He grabbed a handful of her hair and began to pull on it. Her neck began to throb. She couldn't do what he wanted, but the pain was becoming too much to bear. "All right," she agreed. "But let me go." "Take it, Teach," he said. "Take it in your mouth and then I'll let you go." She parted her lips slightly and took his cock into her mouth. His aroma stifled her. She released his prick quickly. He slapped her face and pulled her hair. She opened her mouth again and he pushed his cock into her. "Shit! Shit, this feels good." This was what Joe had wanted from the first moment he'd put his eyes on Miss Thomas. She'd been a cold-looking bitch. She wore tight skirts that were short enough to show her thighs when she sat down, but she did it only to show herself off. All the boys knew that she never went out with men. "Ahhhhh, God!" Joe moaned. "Ahhhhh, God!" Goddamn, but he loved it when he could get his hot cock deep into a woman's mouth. He liked the way her soft tongue kept caressing him even though he knew it was unintentional on her part. He felt an ache in his balls, and he knew it would not be long before he flooded her with his hot cum. "All the way into your belly, bitch!" he said. "All the way into your belly." Danny started groaning. His prick was becoming slippery with her juices and his cock grew inside her cunt. "Goddamn!" he moaned. "I'm going to come. Oh shit, I am coming! Oh fuck you, Miss Thomas! Spread your hot legs for me. Oh fuckkkkkkkkkk!" Joe felt her jump as Danny poured his hot cum into her pussy. Danny fell away and Joe pushed her head back. Now he straddled her head. "Now swallow it all, Miss Thomas," he said. "Swallow it all or I'll break your head!" Holding her head tightly, he began to fuck deep into her throat. He could feel her almost choking on the huge length of his cock. He didn't care. Goddamn, but her tonsils felt good. Shit, but she was a good piece. "Here I come!" he groaned. "Here I fucking come! Now you swallow it, bitch. You swallow it all! Oh shittttt!" Erica felt his prick jump in her throat and then his hot cum was flooding her. She tried to swallow, but his cum was too thick. Some of it ran down her cheeks. "Keep swallowing, bitch!" He kept pouring his cum into her throat. She was afraid she was going to be sick. She couldn't breathe. All she could do was fly and swallow his thick, hot cum before she choked. His jizz had a strong, salty taste that wasn't really bad, but there was just too damn much of it. Finally he was done. He withdrew his wet cock from Erica's mouth with a loud pop. "You're pretty good," he said. "Not as good as Susan, but you're pretty good." Erica took one corner of the blanket and wiped her face. "You bastards!" Erica moaned. "You're all bastards!" She looked up through tear-dimmed eyes and saw Bill Hake tearing his clothes off. He revealed his hot prick. "I want your ass," he said. "Just like Carl." "Oh no!" "Oh yes," Bill smiled. Erica was exhausted. She had no idea how many times the boys had fucked her, but it seemed like hundreds. She was covered with their white seed. Now they were gathering up their clothes. "We'll see you later," Tim said. "Maybe you won't be shaking that ass so proudly in school any more." "You're just going to leave me here?" "Sure. Why should we take you back? We're done with you." "I'm going to the police," Erica said. "No, you won't," Carl said. "You'll never go to the police and tell them what happened. You'd be too ashamed. Just think about all those moans of pleasure while we were fucking your brains out just think about those and you won't go to the police. Not ever." Erica couldn't give him an answer because she knew that what he said was true. She couldn't go to the police. She would never be able to tell anyone about what had happened to her. Carl bent down and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. He tenderly patted her pussy. "Now you keep it warm for me, Teach," he said. "I might want to use it again sometime." The boys finished dressing and crowded into the car. Tim was driving. He waved at her just before the car vanished around the bend in the road. It was starting to rain. Erica gathered up her clothes and dressed. She kicked angrily at the blanket. She knew that she would never again be able to face those boys. She would have to find a new teaching job somewhere else. Her body felt bruised and tired. She had no idea of where she was, but she started walking in the direction that the boys had taken. A half hour later it started raining harder. The dirt on the road was turning to mud. She heard a car. It was not a car, she soon saw, but a truck. It came down the road and stopped beside her. A beefy red-faced man looked down at her. "Hop in," he said. "This is no time for a woman to be walking on this road." Erica didn't like the looks of the man, but she didn't have much choice. She opened the truck door and climbed in beside him. She tried to straighten her dress out quickly, but she felt his hot eyes on the strip of thigh she revealed as she climbed into the truck. "You're a mighty pretty woman," he said. "What's a pretty woman like you doing way out here?" "I was out here looking around," Erica said. "And my car broke down." "Now that's strange," he said. "There ain't much around here to look at." "I-I was just looking at the woods." "Well now," he said. "The woods is pretty. But you know, I saw those boys coming down here a while ago. Didn't you see them?" "No." "Well, I don't know how they missed you. Like I said, you're a pretty woman. I sure wouldn't have missed you." "Please," Erica said. "Just take me to the highway or to some place where I can call a cab." "Ain't you got nobody you can call?" "No," Erica said, and then she realized that she should have said yes. She had just implied to the man that there was nobody looking for her. She suddenly felt a little frightened. This was no young boy. This was a big, country man with a streak of mean in his brown eyes. "That is," Erica said quickly. "I've got a boyfriend, but he's not home right at this minute." She saw that the damage had already been done. He looked at her, grinning and licking his meaty lips. "I bet those boys raped the shit out of you," he said. "Oh God… No!" "I kind of thought that they brought you down here. I know horny teenagers when I see them. Did you like it?" "P-Please," Erica said. "Just let me out. I'll walk the rest of the way." "I asked you a question!" "No," Erica said. "I didn't like it." "Shit," he said. "You're a lying bitch. I can see it in your eyes." He elbowed her in the ribs. "Now tell me the truth. I bet you got a little pleasure out of it. All those swinging cocks!" "Please," Erica tried again. "Just let me out." His face grew ugly. "What did you do?" he asked. "Did you lead them on until they couldn't stand it any more?" "I'm their teacher!" Erica said defiantly. "They just wanted to hurt me." "I know what you are," he said bitterly. "Don't you think that I've seen you prancing around that school? I had a boy in your class." Erica looked at him sharply. And then she remembered where she had seen him before. The big, red face. The yellow teeth. The hard muscles bulging out beneath the dirty shirt. "Oh my God!" "So now you remember," he laughed. "I thought you would." She remembered all right. It was about six years ago since she had last seen him. The year she had first started teaching. She wondered how she could have ever forgotten him. His name was Rebus Turner. She had taught his son Jeff. Jeff was a quiet, sensitive boy who loved books. He wanted to be somebody. The problem was he couldn't come to school as often as he wanted. His father would often keep him out to help with the farm chores. One day she went out to see Rebus. She hadn't meant to entice him, but she was aware of her figure. She was aware that men found her attractive and she wanted something from Rebus Turner. She wore tight pants and a tight blouse, with a very flimsy bra. She had combed her hair until it shined. She knew that few men could resist her when she looked like that. She found Rebus working on a tractor in his field. She though that he looked just as she expected him to look. A country redneck. "Mr. Turner," she had said. Rebus looked at her. His ugly, dirty eyes went over her body and she suddenly wished that she had dressed a lot differently. "Yes," he said. "I'm your son's teacher. I'm afraid that we need to reach an understanding about Jeff." "What kind of understanding?" he asked. "About his schoolwork. He needs to be in school more. He's a bright boy." "Shit!" Rebus had exploded. She had been shocked. "He don't need to be in school. He's got plenty of work to do around here. He don't need nothing out of a school. I can teach him what he needs to know to farm." "But he doesn't want to be a farmer," she said. "He wants to be an artist. He has talent." "Shit," Rebus said again. "Ain't no Goddamned painting going to put meat on the table." "But Mr. Turner…" "I'm done talking. I got work to do." Rebus picked up his tools and began walking toward the barn. She followed. She was thinking quickly. There had to be some way to convince him that his son needed to be in school. Evidently her charm wasn't working. He entered the darkness of the barn and she followed. "Mr. Turner," she began. "You have to talk to me about it." "There's nothing to say. I want my boy home when I need him. He's a good, hard worker." Rebus was putting his tools up. He wiped them clean with a rag before he put them up on the shelf. Suddenly Erica thought she'd try to really come on with him. Not really flirting but letting him know that she was a woman. And an attractive one. She bent close to his elbow. She knew he could smell her perfume and he was getting turned on by it. "Can't we talk sensibly about this?" She had only wanted to get him to be a little easier with her. She hadn't meant to give him any ideas. But Rebus Turner was a man who acted as he felt. Suddenly his hands were around her waist and be was drawing her to him. His brutal lips smashed down on hers. His hands started caressing her buttocks. She slapped his face and jumped away. "You animal!" she screamed. "Me? You come out here shaking those tits at me and you call me an animal? What kind of bitch are you?" Erica tried to think of an answer, but none would come. She turned and stormed out of the barn. There was nothing else she could do for Jeff. A year later Erica had heard that he'd quit school and went to work on his father's farm. "Oh my God!" Erica said, recalling that incident six years ago. "Yes," Rebus said as he turned the truck into his driveway. "We're going to my house. Don't you want to see Jeff again?" "I want to go home," Erica said. "P-Please take me home." Rebus pulled the truck over onto the side of the road. He looked proudly at the woman beside him. It had been a long time since he'd been as turned on by a woman as she'd turned him on that day in the barn. She smelled good and he knew her flesh was tender and tasty. She didn't look so clean now, but he found he was drawn to her even more. "Why, Miss Thomas," he said. "Don't you want to see Jeff again?" "I want to go home!" "But you were so concerned with him once. What's changed your mind?" "I haven't changed my mind. I just want to go home." "And I want to kiss you," he said. "Oh God!" He was already bending toward her. She didn't try and fight him. His lips came down on hers and mashed the breath from her. After a few moments, she was choking for breath. He drew back. "You look all nice and sweaty and fuckable," he said. "And that's what I'm going to do. Fuck you. I wanted to that day you came out to the barn, but you thought I was evil and ugly. Just a farmer and not good enough for you. Well, I'm going to get my cock into you now, baby." "Please," Erica said. But she could think of nothing else to say as his lips came down on hers again. His tongue probed between her lips and she opened her mouth to admit him. He pushed his fat tongue deep into her throat and wiggled it around. She pushed him away. "Stop!" she said. "Please stop!" "I want to see them titties," he said. "I got to see them titties." "What are…" Suddenly his big hand caught the front og her blouse and ripped it down. Buttons popped away. His hand got into the top of her bra and ripped it off. He was holding the two halves of her bra between his fingers, looking at her exposed tits. He licked his dry lips. "God," he said. They were more beautiful than he would have thought. His wife had big titties. She had big, soft titties that he liked to suck on, but they weren't as firm as Erica's tits. Erica had such big brown nipples. "You've got a sweet pair of tits." Erica relaxed. She knew there was no way out for her. She was tired and humiliated and she didn't have the strength to fight. He tugged up her skirt and pulled off her panties. His fingers started rubbing her cunt. "Shit! I need some pussy. I need some of the schoolteacher's pussy. Oh shit, I need some sweet pussy!" He was pushing her against the door and climbing on top of her. He had his pants unzipped and his huge cock was hanging out. Erica groaned as she felt his weight come down on her. He wasn't even taking off his pants. His buttons scratched her thighs. "Fuck me! Move your ass! Make me blow my was inside you!" She felt his prick between her legs. He pushed and his cock slipped into her cunt easily. She was mashed into an uncomfortable position. His prick began going into her pussy. "Oh God!" he moaned. "Goddamned good pussy. Goddamned fucking good pussy. I knew you would be. Fucking good pussy." His weight was becoming unbearable. She shut her eyes and tried to think of something else, but all she could think of was that cock slipping in and out of her pussy. She tried not to think of how many other cocks had fucked her that day. How many other times cocks had exploded with their hot white semen into her mouth, ass and pussy. She felt dirty. She felt lower than the lowest of whores. "Damn you!" Rebus said. "Move your ass! Move your ass like you like it." She tried to make him happy. She wanted him to come as quickly as possible. He moaned. "Shit! I'm going to come! I'm going to flood your cunt with my cum. Oh shittttttttt!" She felt his cock grow and then his cum was exploding against her insides. She kept moving until she had drained his cock dry of juice. "Okay, bitch," Rebus said. "Put your blouse on. We're going to the house." "Can't you just take me home?" Erica asked. "Didn't you get what you wanted?" "Hell," Rebus said. "I've just started. Now put your fucking clothes on." She tugged down her skirt and pulled her blouse around her as well as she could. He started the truck again and drove her down to his house. "Get out," he commanded. She climbed wearily out of the truck. A woman came to the door. She was about ten years older than Erica, but she looked twice as tired. She was attractive but in a weary way. "Why did you bring her here?" she asked. "I found her on the road," Rebus said. His wife's eyes went to the bare expanse of flesh that was exposed by the ripped blouse. "But you had your fun," she said. "Now why did you have to bring her here?" "Because I'm going to have some more fun," Rebus said. "We're going to keep her here for a while…" "No, we can't…" "What?" Rebus' voice grew hard. "Are you telling me that I can't keep her here?" It looked as if the woman were still going to refuse. Her face grew hard, but her lips trembled. She raised one hand and pointed it at Erica. "You whore!" "Please," Erica said. "I'm not. I…" "Bring her in," Mrs. Turner said. "Bring the little whore in." Rebus pushed her and Erica stumbled forward into the house. The house was clean and comfortable-looking, with big, overstuffed chairs and soft carpets on the floors. "Your clothes won't do," Mrs. Turner said. "We'll have to find you something else. I think one of my bras would fit you, although her may be just a little bigger than I am in the tits." Erica found herself alone in the bedroom with Mrs. Turner. She had no idea where Rebus had gone. She noticed a bedside phone. "I-I can't stay here," Erica said. "Yes, you can," Mrs. Turner replied. "My husband said you're going to stay." "But you don't understand. I must get home. I must. People will be looking for me." Mrs. Turner gave her a sympathetic look. "Maybe you're not a whore, but there's nothing I can do. You're have to stay until he says you can leave." Erica looked longingly at the phone. If only she could get Mrs. Turner out of the room for a few minutes, she might be able to get to the phone. Then she could call the police. She wouldn't tell them anything, but they could help her get out of the house. "Have you got something, to drink?" Erica asked. "I feel a little weak." "Sure," Mrs. Turner said. "By the way. You can call me Betty. We might as well try to get along if we're going to be here for a while." Betty left the room. Erica waited until the door was shut and then she made a grab for the phone. She dialed the emergency number. "Police," a sharp voice said. "I'm being held pri…" The phone was jerked out of her hand. Erica tried to turn around, but a heavy fist crashed against the side of her head. She fell against the bed. He hit her again and opened the cut on her lip once again. "Bitch!" he said violently. "Bitch! I see I need to teach you a lesson." Erica couldn't say anything. She was only dimly aware of the fists that kept smashing against her body. Finally she was only aware of a dull thudding in her brain. "Goddamn bitch!" The beating stopped. Erica closed her eyes. When she opened them again, she was lying on the floor. She brushed her hair back and found it caked with blood. Her blood. She looked in the mirror and was shocked by what she saw. Her face was black and blue and crossed with a dozen cuts where his knuckles had drawn blood. Her full breasts were also bruised. "Oh God. Oh dear God. What have I done to deserve this?" She heard the door opening. Betty Turner came in and knelt beside her. She had a basin of warm water and she began to wash Erica's cuts. "I couldn't warn you about the phone," she said. "All the girls try it, and he never lets me warn them." "You mean… you mean he brings other girls here?" "Yes," Betty admitted. "He's brought many here. He teaches them manners, or at least that's what he says. What he really teaches them is how to wait on him." "I don't understand?" "You will," Betty said. "Before he's done, you'll be his most willing slave." "Never!" Erica said fervently. "Yes, you will," Betty said. Betty finished washing Erica's cuts. She put her arm around her. "Can you stand?" she asked. "I think I can. But I feel a little weak. My legs are hurting." "No wonder," Betty said. She helped Erica to stand. She walked her into the bathroom. "There's hot water already in the tub," Betty said. "Soak yourself for a while." Betty left. Erica stepped into the tub. Her clothes had already been taken off and she wondered if Rebus had fucked her again after he had beaten her. Probably he had. Erica sank down into the tub. She washed herself thoroughly. She then soaked in the tub until Betty came back. She stood up. "Drink this," Betty said, handing her a dark-colored drink. "It'll make you feel better." "What is it?" "Just drink it," Betty said. Erica took a long drink and felt it warming her insides. Betty was right. It did make her feel better. Betting gave her another of her sympathetic looks. "I see I was wrong about you. You're different from the others. Most of the girls were just whores. You are different." "I'm a teacher," Erica replied. "A teacher?" Betty asked incredulously. "How in hell did you meet my husband?" "I was raped by some boys and left in tile woods," Erica explained. "Your husband found me." "You poor thing," Betty said. "You poor, poor thing. Come with me. A good night's sleep will do you good." Again Erica looked at the bedside phone as she walked into the bedroom. Betty caught her glance. "I wouldn't if I were you," Betty said. "He's a hard man. The beatings get worse. Next time you won't be able to move for a week or two. He'll hurt you bad." "How would he know?" Erica asked. "He'll know. And if you could get away, he'd find you and things would be worse for you. Why don't you give up any idea of escape? He'll let you go." "When?" Erica asked. "When he's tired of you." Betty shrugged. Erica felt as if she had just received another hard blow to her stomach. When he was tired of her. That would be years. Longer than years. "Have a good night's sleep," Betty cautioned. "Tomorrow your training begins." "My training?" "Just sleep good. You'll find out." Erica hadn't really intended on sleeping, but when she opened her eyes it was daylight. And Rebus was standing over her bed. "Time to get up," he said. She realized she was naked underneath the covers and she decided that she was through being used. In the daylight everything looked better. She wasn't going to allow this man to hurt her any more. "I'm calling the police," she said. "If you don't let me go. I've had enough of you." Rebus smiled. He stripped off his shirt. His chest was huge and covered with thick black hairs. He stripped off his trousers. His hard prick bulged out in his shorts. "You're going to earn your keep while you're here," he said. He ripped off the sheet. Her naked, luscious body was revealed to his hungry eyes. "Shit," he said. "I forgot how nice you were. You are one beautiful woman." He climbed onto the bed beside her. He tenderly kissed her nipple. He sucked one and began to caress it with his tongue. He sucked on it until the nipple grew hard and then he moved to the other. In a moment he had both of her nipples rock-hard and slippery with his saliva. "Just ease up, baby," he said softly. "Just ease up and you'll like it. I promise you that you'll like it." Never, she told herself. Never would she like it with this evil, ugly man. But even as she tried to convince herself, she could feel him lighting the fires within her. His lips and tongue were more experienced than Tim's. She tensed and he felt it. "Don't do it," he said. "Just let yourself enjoy it. I'm going to teach you about sex, honey. I'm going to be your teacher for a change. Are you ready to learn your lesson?" His tongue moved down the soft curve of her belly until he was licking at her thighs. Erica remembered how good she had felt when Tim had kissed her cunt, and then how good she had felt when his tongue licked her pussy. She was beginning to get hot. Rebus felt the resistance drain out of her and he laughed. He'd always known how to make a woman love fucking and sucking. That was one of the reasons Betty stayed with him, even though he treated her like dirt. She loved his cock, his mouth, his hands, and she'd never be able to live without them. Betty would allow him to fuck any girl he chose and even help him, as long as he would come back to her when he was done. The way Betty loved him had been what gave Rebus the idea. If Betty, who had been a strong woman when he married her, so completely belonged to him, then why couldn't he own other women in the same way? He envisioned himself with an army of women at his command, and his vision had damn near come true. There had been more than a dozen women to fall under his spell. Erica was going to be one more to add to his list. And such a luscious one. He could kiss and nibble on her titties all day long. And her pussy. Such a sweet-smelling, tasty pussy. He pushed his tongue into her cunt. She had a hot box. He looked up at her. Her face had turned red and she was licking her lips. "You're going to be begging for me before I'm done," he said. "No! Never!" "Wait and see." He pushed his tongue into her cunt once more. He knew the trick to bring a woman quickly to climax and he used it on Erica. When he had her moaning softly and her hips writhing underneath him, he pulled away. "You ready to beg?" "You bastard!" "Are you ready to beg?" "No," she said. "I'll never beg you. No matter what you do, I'll never beg you!" He smiled. They all said they would never beg. Every one of them. But all of them begged before he was done and with begging went that last ounce of resistance. They were his after that… He waited until he was sure she was calm. In fact, she was tensing up again. Then he pushed his face into her pussy once more. He found her clit and began to manipulate the little knob with his tongue. "Ummmmmm," Erica moaned. "Ummmmmm." Once again he brought her to the point of climax before he stopped. She screamed and cursed at him and pummeled him with her fists, but he only laughed. "Beg," he said. "Beg and I'll be good to you." "Goddamn you!" She still wouldn't beg. He wondered at her strength of will. No woman had ever been able to resist him this far. He waited until once again she was quiet. Her hips had quit moving. He could feel his prick pushing against his shorts. Goddamn, but he was going to have to subdue her pretty soon or he'd have to fuck her anyway. Once more he put his mouth to her pussy. "Oh God!" she moaned. "Oh, go ahead and fuck me!" "What?" "Fuck me," she said. "Please fuck me!" "Are you begging me?" "Yes," she said. "I'm begging you to fuck me. Please stick your cock in me!" Now he had her. He reached down and tugged off his shorts. His hard prick brushed against her leg as he positioned himself on top of her. Erica no longer worried about humiliating herself. Now she needed his hot cock between her legs, pounding into her pussy, helping her to climax. She needed relief from the fires that burned in her pussy. "Oh fuck me!" she begged. "Fuck me good and hard!" He gave a shove and his cock was buried in her hungry cunt. His prick was no boy's cock. His cock was huge and meaty and it filled her cunt. His hands came up to squeeze her titties as he slowly moved in and out of her cunt. "Oh that's it!" she moaned. "That's what I needed! Oh fuck me, baby. Fuck me hard!" He began to feel an ache in his balls. He began to squeeze her titties harder and he started whispering dirty words into her ear. "Oh God," she moaned. "Oh God, you're making me come! Oh fuck me, I'm coming, I'm coming, I'm comingggggggggg!" She began to writhe underneath him and it finally caused him to explode into her cunt with huge gobs of his white jism. They kept moving against one another until they were both drained of juice. "Okay," Rebus said as he got up to get dressed. "Now it's time to go to work." "Work?" questioned Erica. "Sure. That's part of the treatment. Don't look so worried. A little work never killed nobody." Erica found out that it was more than just a little work. Rebus had Betty put her to work around the house, and though Betty might have been kind-hearted toward Erica, she was a hard master. Erica cooked, cleaned, sewed, and managed a hundred other things that day that she'd never done before. When evening came, she was exhausted. Rebus came into the house after dark. He was tired and sweaty. Erica realized, for the first time, that she could have escaped during the day. Or at least she might have tried. But she knew she'd never try to escape. She was his until he let her go. "Damn," Rebus said as he settled down into a living-room chair. "I could have used Jeff today." "Where is Jeff?" Erica asked. "I thought you said he stayed here." "He does. But he's up in town doing some buying for me this week. He'll be back." Erica felt his eyes on her and she blushed red. She had Betty's trousers and tank top on. Betty's panties had been too large and her bra too small so Erica wore neither. She knew he could see the outline of her nipples through the tank top. "Come here," he said. She walked to him. "Kiss me," he commanded. She bent down and kissed him hard on the lips. She then kissed his mouth and his neck. She felt the flat of his hand resting on her left tit, but she didn't move away. "Very nice," he said. "You're learning. Now let's go to the shower… I need to be cleaned." She wasn't sure what he meant, but she followed him into the bathroom. He turned on the shower and stood back. "Well, what are you waiting for? Undress me." His word was her command. She reached quickly for his buttons and undid them. She stripped his shirt off and then his trousers. She pulled his shorts down his legs and pulled them off. His limp cock was at eye level. "Kiss it," he said. She leaned over and gave his cock-head a tender kiss. She saw his prick begin to stiffen. She opened her mouth and admitted his cock. He smelled of sweat. "Strip," he commanded. "You're going to wash me. I like a woman's hands washing me." She got to her feet and stripped off her clothes. She saw him nod with appreciation as he gazed at her soft white body. "I never get over you," he said. "You are a Goddamned nice-looking piece." She didn't flinch at his words. She stepped into the shower with him. He handed her the soap and she began to soap him all over. His hard chest felt good underneath her hands, and she started remembering that morning. She started to get hot between the legs as she remembered his hard cock fucking her pussy. She went lower and found his cock. She started soaping it. Somehow it didn't seem so wrong that she should be standing in the shower with a man, soaping his cock. She had never felt so good with a man as she did with Rebus Turner. He controlled her. "Go down on me," he commanded. She put his cock underneath the hot stream of water and washed the soap off. Then she was on her knees, taking his cock into her mouth. She teased the tiny piss-hole with her tongue for a few minutes, and she felt his prick growing hard. She fondled his balls as she sucked his prick deep into her mouth. She felt his cock-head pushing against her throat and she knew that she was going to taste his sperm this time. And this time it was different because she wanted his cock, she wanted to swallow his sperm. She began to draw his cock in and out of her mouth like a little girl eating a peppermint stick. She would suck his prick in all the way to his balls and then she would slowly pull him out. He groaned loudly. "That's it, baby! That's it. Suck my cock good! Taste my sperm!" She suddenly felt as if someone else had entered the room. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw Betty. Betty was standing near them with her hands on her hips. There was a hurt look on her face. Erica suddenly realized that Betty loved her husband and she loved him very much. "Hey, baby," Rebus said. "Come on over here." Betty came closer. "Feel her throat," Rebus said. "Peel her throat when she starts to swallow my cum." Erica was shocked as she felt Betty's fingers touch her throat, although Erica knew there was nothing really that should shock her now. Here she was on her knees in a shower sucking his cock. It shouldn't surprise her that the man's wife was going to feel her throat. Nothing should ever surprise her again. She turned her attention back to his cock. She once again sucked him deep and left him there. She could feel his prick trembling and she knew that he wouldn't be able to stand it much longer. The funny thing was that she was getting turned on. She could feel the heat between her legs and she knew her juices were flowing because she was sucking cock. "Goddamn!" Rebus groaned. "Oh shit! I'm going to come! Oh shit, I'm going to come! Oh fuck! I'm going to fill your mouth with my hot cum." She opened her mouth wider and accepted his offering. His jizz splashed against her throat and she began swallowing quickly. She could feel Betty's fingers touching her throat and that was turning her on even more. Betty was feeling Erica swallow her husband's cum. Betty watched as Erica swallowed his hot and salty load of jism. "Ahhh shit!" Rebus groaned. "Ahhhh shit!" His limp cock fell away, leaving a trail of jism across her chin. Erica stood up. Suddenly she was surprised by Betty's furious kiss. Betty grabbed her, smashed her mouth down on hers, and inserted her tongue. Erica touched her tongue to Betty's before she was even aware of what was happening. "Hold it," Rebus said. Betty jumped back immediately. Her tongue licked at the corner of Erica's mouth before she jumped back and Erica knew she had licked off a trace of her husband's cum. "You'll have to excuse her," Rebus said. "Betty gets carried away sometimes." Rebus got out of the shower and raised his arms. "Now dry me off." Betty and Erica quickly went to the task of drying him off. Erica kept letting her fingers trail lightly over his scrotum. She was rewarded by a stiffening of his prick. "Good," Rebus said. "I'll be ready to go in a minute of two. Let's go out to the bedroom." Both of them followed him into the bedroom. Rebus stretched out on the clean sheets. He put his hands behind his head and winked at his wife. "Okay, baby," he said. "Let's see if you can still give a good head job." Immediately Betty was on the bed. She lowered her head and sucked his prick into her mouth. Erica watched jealously as Betty made his cock grow hard. "Come here," Rebus said as his wife continued to suck on his prick. Erica felt a shiver of excitement run through her as she positioned her pussy over Rebus' face. She could hear Betty making slurpy noises as she sucked her husband's prick, and that added to Erica's excitement. His tongue slipped up between her thighs, caressing and licking and then going into her cunt. She almost screamed at the first contact, and then pleasure washed over her in waves. "Oh God!" she moaned. "That feels good! That feels really good." He captured her clit between his teeth and began to bite gently on it. She moaned and began to push her cunt against his experienced tongue. "God!" she moaned. "I can feel your tongue. Oh God, I can feel your tongue in my cunt!" He had her excited beyond control. His tongue left her cunt and she groaned in agony. "Goddamn but that does taste good," he said. "But I want to fuck now. With you on top. Slide down and take my hard prick in your cunt." Betty had to move away as Erica slipped down. She felt his hot prick at her quivering cunt-lips. She pushed and felt his cock-head go partly into her cunt. She pushed again and his cock slipped out. "Damn," Erica said. "Don't worry," Betty said soothingly. "I'll help. I'll help you fuck my husband." Betty's gentle hand slipped between their two sweating bodies. She grasped her husband's prick and pushed it into Erica's cunt. What Betty really wanted was her husband's cock in her own aching cunt, but she was willing to help him any way she could. She held the prick just barely inside Erica's cunt, so that the huge cock-head was in the right position. "All right," Betty directed. "Now sit down. Sit down on his hot cock. It's just for you." Erica sat down hard, feeling the prick go up into her cunt, filling her almost to her stomach. Rebus gave a little grunt as his prick entered, and Erica knew he was loving the friction of her pussy walls. "Dear God!" he moaned. "You've got a sweet, sucking pussy. I love it! Fuck, how I love it." Erica began to bounce gently up and down on his prick. She had to admit that his prick was more wonderful than anything she could have imagined. Hard and throbbing, it filled her and sent delicious shivers of excitement all over her. She knew that Betty was staring at her and rubbing her crotch and wishing that the cock were in her. But Erica didn't have time to feel sorry for Betty. In fact, knowing that she was having what Betty was so obviously needing was turning Erica on even more. "Jesus!" Rebus groaned. "I'm going to cum! Oh God, I'm going to come! I'm going to flood your sweet pussy!" "Yes," Erica groaned. "Do my pussy good. Fill it up with your cum. Oh, I can feel you squirting! I can feel you coming! I've got to come. Oh God, here I goooooooooo!" They collapsed together as he poured his jism into her with rapid, jerky strokes. "Oh Jesus!" Erica moaned. "Oh, that was so very good. Incredible." Rebus smiled and sat up in bed. He looked at his watch. Rebus thought that Betty was not a bad-looking woman. In fact, she had damn nice legs for a woman her age and her titties were still firm. But he seemed to need the young pussy more and more. Even though Betty's body was still flawless and she was fine in bed, he needed younger women to subdue. Perhaps the feeling of having power over them was part of it. Like Erica. It had been fun raping her and beating her and making her behave. But now she was looking at him with those adoring eyes and he knew he'd have to send her away pretty soon. After a while, he sent them all away. "Hey, honey," he said to Betty. "How about getting us something to drink? I'm thirsty as hell." Betty immediately jumped up and ran to get them something to drink. Erica watched his face. He leaned back and she lay her head on his chest. "Doesn't she ever get mad?" Erica asked. "Who?" "Your wife. Doesn't she ever get mad when you make love to other women in front of her?" "She does what she's told. Just like you do what you're told. I demand that of all my women." "Oh," Erica shrugged. "And have there been all that many women?" "Plenty," he said. "Let me tell you something. Every woman has hot pants. You just have to conquer their inhibitions, and she will show you her pussy every time you want." "That's a vulgar way to put it." "But it's true. Every woman wants to be a whore. Every single one." Betty brought in a tray with two drinks. Erica took a long drink of hers. She found Betty's eyes on her and she dropped her eyes. "Join us, Betty," Rebus said. Rebus was beginning to get excited by the idea of Erica seeing his wife naked. He knew that his wife had a good body and he wondered how Erica would react to another naked woman in the same bed. Betty was more than willing. She stripped off her blouse and bra quickly, revealing those creamy white tits that Rebus was so proud of. "She's got nice tits," Rebus explained. "Almost as nice as yours." Erica swallowed noisily as she watched Betty undress. Betty's body did not look any older than hers. Her skin was flawless and firm. Erica found herself looking a little harder at Betty than she should have. "Nice, huh?" Rebus questioned. "Yes," Erica whispered dryly. "Turn around, hon," Rebus directed. "Show Erica your ass. My wife has a fantastic ass." Erica started to say that she didn't want to look at another woman's ass, but Betty was already turning. Betty did have a fantastic ass, all creamy white and firm and flawless. "Goddamn," Rebus said. "I'd forgotten how nice it was. Almost." Betty smiled and got into the bed with them. Erica felt a sudden uncomfortable shiver as Betty's hot skin brushed her own. Betty leaned over and gave Erica a soft kiss on the cheek. "Now," Rebus said softly. "I know just the thing to get us going again. A nice dirty story. And I know one about a friend of yours, Erica." "A friend of mine?" "Sure. The first woman I ever brought here. Mrs. Adele Saunderson." Erica gasped. A mental picture flashed through her mind of the twenty-two-year-old Adele Saunderson. Adele was the second wife of her principal at the school. A flaming redhead with a body that wouldn't quit. Adele was very proud of herself. She couldn't have been any happier than when she looked into the mirror that afternoon and saw the new coat her husband had bought for her. It was a beautiful mink and though he really couldn't afford it on his salary it was something he wanted to do for her. She brushed her red hair back over the collar of the coat and studied herself. "You're beautiful in it," her husband said. "I know that," she replied. "But we really can't afford it, darling." "Sure we can. I can borrow money to pay for it and it's something you deserve." He got close to her and his lips tried to find hers. "Not in public, darling," Adele said, glancing around at the few dozen customers in the shop. He accepted her refusal as part of her shyness. The truth was that Adele could hardly stand for him to touch her. At limes he seemed like such an old and ugly man, a man she had married only for security and for very little else. She was a poor girl from a poor family and the only thing she'd ever had were her looks. She could have probably married any one of a dozen young men, but she chose to be the second wife to the graying principal. The reason was simple. Adele didn't like sex. She had discovered that about herself every early in life. It was kind of strange that a woman who was so attractive to men was so cold toward them, but she didn't question her impulses. She knew she had to give him what he wanted and she did so seldomly and reluctantly. He took her lack of passion as a sign of good breeding, and he didn't force himself on her as a young man might have done. Adele was very proud of herself for having chosen such a husband. "Oooooh," Adele said. "It does feel so good on me. I'll make everyone in town jealous." "Yes," he said. "You deserve to make them jealous." He tried to get close to her again, but she brushed him away. "Quit that," she said, laughing. "I'm going to have it wrapped up and sent to the house. It's too hot to wear it this afternoon." "Maybe we could both go home," he said. It was obvious what he wanted. Adele shrugged. It had been a long while since she'd let him have his pleasure and the mink coat was pretty. He looked so horny that it would only take a few minutes anyway. But she was always the practical one. "You have to go back to work," she said. "I'll be nice to you this evening." The intent of her words left him rubbing his crotch. Adele smiled at her husband and winked at him. "Now don't you be late," she said. The look on his face left no doubt that he would never be late. Adele had a little more shopping to do before she went home. She loved to shop. It had always been one of her favorite pastimes. As she was leaving the lingerie shop, she didn't see the truck pull out behind her. She was halfway home before the truck began blowing its horn. She pulled over a little so that the truck could get by. The truck didn't pass, but the driver kept honking at her. It made her angry. She thought it was probably some boy flirting with her. Well, she would teach him a lesson. She pulled her car to the side of the road and stopped. The truck pulled to a stop behind her. "What the hell are you trying to do?" Adele asked, climbing out of her car. She saw the beefy, red-faced man and her blood ran cold. She slipped back into the car and turned the ignition. The car started, but then the man was beside the car. Before she could change gears, he reached in and grabbed the key. "Don't be in such a hurry, Mrs. Saunderson," he said softly. "You've got no place to go in such a hurry." "What do you want?" she asked. "Who are you?" "Name's Rebus Turner," he said. "And I think you know what I want." She screamed very loudly. He reached across the seat and gave her a slap on the side of her head. She was stunned. No man had ever struck her before. "Now don't you scream," he said. "Scream and I'll hurt you." Immediately she started screaming again. This time he struck her hard. Her head went back and tears burned her eyes. She could feel his hand bruising her shoulder. "Stop," he said. "I mean what I say. One more scream and I'll really start hurting you." She was petrified. She stopped screaming. He smiled gently at her. "That's better. Now just get out of the car." "Where are you taking me?" "Don't ask questions. Just get out of the car." Adele climbed out of the car. She was aware of his eyes looking hotly at the amount of thigh revealed by her sliding skirt as she got out of the car. She quickly tugged her skirt back down into place. He reached inside the car and pulled the hood latch. "Well just leave the hood open," he said. "In case anybody who knows you sees the car. They'll think you just had some mechanical trouble and some nice person has already given you a lift." "My God!" Adele said. "What are you going to do to me?" "You'll find out," he said softly. "If you really don't know already." He took her arm and pulled her to his truck. He opened his door and pushed her up into the cab. His hand brushed against her buttock and her ass felt good and firm. Adele was thinking quickly. She was remembering all of the stories she'd heard about women getting raped. Stories about horrible mutilations kept flashing through her mind. Women who fought their attackers got hurt, so she wouldn't fight. She looked closely at the man who now climbed into the cab. He was big and he was dressed like a farmer. His hair was short and his face was hard. His muscles bulged from beneath his cotton shirt. A few black hairs circled above the neck of his shirt. She could smell his sweat. "You're going to kill me, aren't you?" "Don't know yet," he said. They rode in silence for a while. Adele could feel her heart pounding so loudly she thought he could hear it. She kept tugging nervously at her skirt. "Please," she said. "My husband doesn't have a lot of money but he'd pay it somehow, no matter what you asked. All you have to do is let me call him." "Don't want your money." "What do you want?" "Hell," he said. "You're a good-looking woman. You're the kind of woman money can't buy." He turned the truck off the road. They were in a clump of trees that couldn't be seen from the road. He turned the ignition off. "Get out." She climbed out of the cab. He waited a few minutes before he got out. He made a sweeping motion with his arms. "You can run if you want to. That would make it more fun. Much more fun." She looked around. The road was not far off. She might have a chance of finding someone to help. Also the woods were dense and she might be able to hide. Or maybe there would be homes hidden by the woods. God, if she could only move. But she knew her trembling legs wouldn't carry her very far. "Run," he commanded. "Run, and make it more fun." She tried for the road. He caught her in two strides and flung her to the ground. She was crying. She slowly got to her feet. Her new stocking were mined and dirty. "Why don't you run some more?" he questioned, taunting her. "Come on and run." "Please!" "Please what?" "Please don't hurt me. I'll do anything you say, but please don't hurt me. I don't want to die! Oh God, don't kill me! I don't want to die!" "You'll do anything I say?" "Anything," she promised. "But please don't kill me." "Beg me," he commanded her. She fell to her knees. She clutched him around the waist. She was sobbing as she spoke. "I'm begging you," she said. "Please don't harm me. I'll do anything you say. Anything. Only please don't hurt me." Rebus looked down at the beautiful redhead on her knees. Her tear-streaked face, her red hair all messed, her lipstick smeared, her dress torn, turned him on more than he had ever been turned on before. He knew he wanted this woman, wanted to stick his cock into her hungry cunt. "Get up," Rebus commanded. Once again she climbed to her feet. She was watching him with expectant eyes, ready to jump at his command. "Strip," Rebus commanded. She had never been naked before any man but her husband, but she wasn't shy now. She pulled her blouse over her head and released the catch on her bra. She had never been particularly proud of her tits. They were not large, but they were firm and tanned. She saw him catch his breath. "Go ahead," he said. "Take off the rest of it. I want to see you naked." She pulled at the catch of her dress and it stuck. Frantically, she kept pulling at it. She saw the look in his eyes and she gave it an extra-hard tug. "I'm trying," she said. "I'll get it off. Don't hurt me. I'll get it off." He approached her. She pulled and the dress ripped a little. But she got the zipper down and she was kicking the dress off. Now she stood only in her yellow panties and her pantyhose. She quickly pulled the ripped hose off. "That's nice," he said, licking his lips. "Now the panties." She pulled the panties off her slim legs and dropped them to the ground. "Very nice," he said. "Good Lord, you are a natural redhead." "What do you want now?" "In the back of the truck," he ordered. "You'll find a blanket." She nodded. She went to the truck and removed the blanket. He directed her to place it on the ground. She smoothed the wrinkles out of the blanket. When she looked up, he was stripping off his shorts. "My God!" Adele felt a shiver go down her spine. She was used to her husband's skinny, elderly body. She wasn't used to the hard, muscular looks of the man before her. She felt her eyes drawn to the place between his legs. His cock was hard and jutting up. "God!" she breathed. She kept looking at his cock as he walked toward her. It was not like her husband's skinny, small cock, not the limp prick that she would be forced to play with before it would become hard enough to enter her. Then he would shoot off immediately. She knew, just by looking at his cock, that his was a prick that was not to be taken lightly. He took her hand and placed it on his prick. His skin felt hot to her fingers. She felt his loose skin and she began to move it up and down. "Ahhhhhh," he moaned. "You have such nice hands. I wonder what it will feel like for you to wrap those legs around my back, and to have you yelling for more. I think it's going to be fun." She had never yelled in passion, but somehow she knew that this was going to be the first time. This man knew how to use his prick and she was going to get every inch of it. He took her hand away. "On your knees," he said. "Take it in your mouth." She started to protest, but she remembered the way he looked at her. She couldn't fight him. She couldn't refuse anything he wanted her to do. It was no longer just fear. It was something far more, a simple need to do as she was told, to be forced to do as she was told. She fell to her knees and took his cock into her mouth. He smelled of sweat and jism. She had never tasted jism, but she knew it had to be the salty taste. She sucked his cock farther into her mouth and then his hands found her titties. Bolts of wicked excitement went through her as his fingers manipulated her nipples. He had her hard and panting in just a few moments. "Let go," he said. "Lay back now." She lay back and he positioned himself between her legs. She knew what she was going to get. She could feel his hot prick pushing between her legs. She was going to get fucked as she had never been fucked before. She didn't protest. She was getting hot. Hot like she had never known, and she realized suddenly that she wanted him to fuck her. She wanted that hot cock inside of her, beating her pussy. "Give it to me!" she begged him. "Give me that hot cock up my cunt!" He laughed and he pushed his cock into her cunt. She jerked as his prick went deep into her pussy. Then when she thought he was done, he went into her deeper, past the spot where her husband's small prick usually stopped. He was not weak. His cock filled her aching cunt. "Oh God!" she moaned. "Oh God!" He began to fuck her in slow, sweet strokes. His hairy chest rubbed against her titties and his hands clutched her ass. He fondled and pinched her soft ass-cheeks while she moaned and begged him to fuck harder. One of his fingers slipped around and entered her asshole. That was another thing that had never been done to her. She flinched with pain at first, but then his finger found the rhythm of their coupling bodies and even his finger began to feel good. "Ahhh shit!" she moaned. "Ahhh God, what are you doing to me? Oh God, I can feel your cock way down deep inside. Oh shit, I think I'm going to die!" "Not die," he said. "Not die, but learn how to live!" "Oh shittttttt!" she cried as his hot cock exploded into her cunt and her own juices flooded him. He kept fucking her until her trembling had stopped. Then for the first time he kissed her. It was a soft kiss on the lips and she opened her mouth to him. "Shit," she moaned softly, rubbing her cunt against him. "Jesus!" Erica said softly. "I would've never thought Adele had it in her." Erica was feeling a little warm after Rebus' story. Rebus was good with words and Erica could see the action going on in her mind's eye. She closed her legs tightly together. Rebus noticed it and laughed. "What's the matter, baby? You getting a little warm." His huge hand came up and cupped her titty. His fingers found her nipple and massaged it to hardness. "I can tell you liked my story," he said. "Yes," Erica admitted. "I liked it very much." She rolled against his body, liking the feel of his strong, warm chest rubbing against her. She pushed herself closer and reached for his cock. She found his cock semi-hard. "It got you a little warm talking about it, didn't it?" Erica asked. "Yes," Rebus said. "I have to admit that I was kind of worried for a while about her going to her husband." "Did she?" Erica asked. "No," he answered. "I found out that women hardly ever report getting raped to the police or to their husbands. Especially if they enjoyed it as much as Adele did." "And she's come back," Betty pointed out. "Really?" questioned Erica. "Yes," Betty said. "She loved my husband's cock so much that she couldn't stay away. For weeks she kept coming back to him for more. Finally we got worried that someone would find out and we told her not to come back any more." "A real shame," Rebus said. "She was a real quick piece of ass." "Aren't I quick?" Erica asked as she fingered his cock. "You sure are, baby," Rebus agreed. His lips found hers, hurting, smothering and sucking. His fingers trailed down her body, fondling her nipples, rubbing her thighs and then slipping easily into her moist pussy. "Ummmmm," Erica moaned. "That's nice. I like your fingers in me." Again his mouth came down on hers and his tongue probed between her lips. His tongue felt hot, fiery, and it caused the juices to stir between her legs. And then Betty started rubbing against her back. It was a shock, at first, although she had been thinking about Betty since that kiss in the bathroom. Betty was rubbing her huge tits against Erica's back and running soft, sensitive fingers through Erica's hair. Erica stiffened as she felt Betty's hot lips against her neck. Rebus felt her tenseness. "It's okay," he said soothingly. "Betty's very good with other women. She was damn good with Adele." A few pictures went through Erica's mind of Adele and Betty writhing on the bed while Rebus watched. Surely that couldn't be what Betty wanted with her. But Erica knew it was. She was no novice with another woman. In college she'd had an experience with another girl. As Betty continued to kiss Erica's soft white throat and murmur soft things into her ear, Erica remembered that other time. She had been such an innocent fool. The girl's name was Janet and it had been after one of those dates that Erica had so frequently in college. The boy had been strong, good-looking, a football player, and one of the most important boys on campus. Erica had been flattered when he'd asked her out for a date. She hadn't know that his idea of a date consisted of driving to a motel. He had tried to persuade her to go in with him and there had been a cold scene. Finally he reluctantly agreed that Erica wasn't that kind of girl and he had taken her home. Erica had started crying before she reached the sorority house. Her big sister Janet had been more than willing to console her. Somehow they had ended up in one bed with Janet tugging off her clothes and making Erica shiver with excitement. She blushed with shame whenever she thought of what happened after that. A night of moaning, of taking pleasure in each other's bodies, a night of learning to do things that she'd always thought were dirty. It didn't matter that Janet hadn't known very much, and that Janet's mouth had never kissed her pussy. But it was the rubbing together and the sleeping in one another's arms that left her with a feeling of shame. "Hey," Betty whispered. "Where are you?" Erica came back to the realization that Betty's fingers had replaced Rebus' in her pussy. "No!" Erica said. She pushed Betty's fingers away and stood up. Rebus looked at her sleepily. "I've never done that," Erica explained. "I've never had a woman touch me like that before." It was a lie, but Erica was frightened. She didn't want her body betraying her to another woman for that seemed much worse than being with a man. "Come back to the bed," Betty said. "I'll make you feel good." "No," Erica said again. "I won't." "Yes, you will," Rebus said softly. Erica felt his hot eyes burning into her skin, and she knew there was no use resisting. The only thing she'd get for her trouble would be another beating, and she'd end up having to go though with it anyway. She sighed. "All right, damn it," Erica said. Betty's eyes lit up as Erica got back into the bed. Betty turned her over on her back and leaned across her. Betty's soft hands began to caress her body. "You're so nice and soft," Betty said. "I'm sorry I said you were a whore." Whore. Erica said the word over and over again to herself. Whore. Whore. Whore. Whore. Perhaps that was what she was beginning to be. A whore who'd open her legs for anyone who asked. Man or woman. She told herself that wasn't true, that she was only allowing Betty to touch her because Rebus demanded it. Then why was her skin growing hot and tingly? Why was the hot love juice flowing between her legs? Why did she almost moan every time Betty's fingers brushed across her naked boy? Why was she liking it? "Kiss me," Betty said. "Let me show you how a woman kisses another." Betty's lips were light and gentle, but also demanding. Erica couldn't help but return the kiss. Rebus pressed himself against her other side and bent his head to take one of Erica's nipples into his mouth. This was too much to bear. She heard the moan that came from her own throat. She couldn't fight what was being built up in her. Her entire body trembled with need. "Now you're getting it," Betty whispered. "Now you're beginning to feel it." Rebus still sucked on one of her titties and now Betty bent her head to take the other. They seemed to suck her in rhythm, and Erica realized that the two of them must have practiced this same act of love many times. They had probably learned on Adele and there had been many others after. "Oh God!" Erica moaned. "You're killing me. You really are killing me." Now there were two hands between her legs. One was rough and hard and the other was soft and gentle. Fingers demanded her to open her legs wider. Fingers parted the folds of her cunt-lips and massaged the inside of her pussy. She came to the point where she didn't know who had a hand in her. She didn't care. One would be replaced by another and each time her excitement would build. "Jesus!" Erica moaned. "Oh Jesus, I'm so hot! Oh Jesus, it feels good!" Betty came back up to kiss Erica's throat. Betty's tongue sucked in her flesh and continued to tease her with her fiery tongue. "God," Erica said. "Oh shit!" Betty's mouth pressed down once more on Erica's. This time there was no hesitation on Erica's part. She opened her mouth quickly and Erica's sharp, fiery tongue darted into Betty's mouth. Betty moaned as Erica's hands came up and began to touch her titties. Erica had touched Janet, but not really in passion. Now she rubbed and caressed Betty in passion. She found Betty's nipples and it excited Erica to make them hard. "Ummmmmm," Betty moaned. "Oh, Erica do that. That feels wonderful." Erica pulled Betty over on top of her. Their pussies came together. Erica felt a shiver of excitement go through her as Betty began to grind her cunt against hers. "Oh God! Oh dear God! That's nice! Oh shit, that's nice!" "Let me make the positions," Rebus said. The girls came apart under his direction. Betty lay on her back and Erica got on her hands and knees. Betty licked at Erica's pussy and Erica shivered. "Now for the best," Rebus said. He stood up on the bed behind Erica's ass. His cock was hard and he pressed against Erica's asshole. Erica didn't have time to protest. She was hot and Betty's tongue was slipping into her pussy. She only felt a little discomfort as Rebus gave a shove. His hard prick went into Erica's ass to his balls. "Shit!" he moaned. "This is how I like it. Damn, but Betty's tongue makes your ass move. Oh you sweet, sweet piece of ass." Erica could hardly hear his voice. She was in heaven as his prick slammed forcefully into her, and as Betty's tongue massaged her cunt. She had never thought anything could feel so good. Betty's fingers came up and began massaging Erica's titties once more and Erica nearly went out of her mind. She began pushing her ass back at Rebus, and Erica could tell that he was loving it. His prick was growing inside her ass and he was panting heavily. "Oh shit!" Erica groaned. "I'm going to come! I'm going to flood Betty with my juices. Oh fuck me harder, Rebus! Oh stick it in me good. I'm going to come! Oh fuck, I'm coming! I'm coming!" Erica's body gave way as she flooded Betty's mouth with her juices. Betty made sucking noises as she sucked Erica's juices up. "Oh fuck!" Erica said as her body stopped trembling. "That was fine. That was the finest ever. Oh fuck." Rebus was still panting and driving his cock into Erica's ass. With each long stroke his fucking became more violent, and Erica knew he was getting close to his climax. "Jesus," he moaned. "Oh Jesus! I'm going to flood your ass, schoolteacher. I'm going to flood your ass. Ahhhhhhhhhhh!" Erica felt his prick grow and then his semen was pouring into her. She brushed her ass against his balls until he was drained completely dry. Then she fell, exhausted. She felt Betty kiss her ass cheek. "Sweet, sweet piece," Betty said softly. Susan Clark didn't want to be a whore but she knew that's what she was. She knew the boys called her little Miss Hot Pants and they bragged about how often they had gotten her to part her legs. She didn't want to have that kind of reputation, but she couldn't help it. All she'd ever really wanted was love and the boys gave her that. She didn't get any kind of love at home. Her mother was a country woman, large and hard, who worked from morning to dusk and had little time to waste on sympathetic understanding. She had one older sister named Clarice, but Clarice was only concerned with her life, and had no time for younger sisters. Her father was a drunk, and the only concern he had with his family was sexual. He had a huge sexual appetite and when he wanted it, her mother had to put down whatever she was doing and give him some cunt. He might reach for her on the couch while watching television. Many times Susan had to leave the room because she couldn't stand to watch her father's huge cock going into her mother. Or he might have fucked her when she was washing dishes, while she bent over the sink, or it might have been while she was washing clothes or hanging them up, and he would simply pick up her skirt and stick it in her cunt. So Susan had sex all around her. Her sister Clarice was known around school as a whore. Rumor had it that dance had fucked more boys than any girl had ever had in the history of the school, and it was even rumored that she had fucked a few of the men teachers. Of course, when Susan started school, she got the same reputation that dance did. She really didn't want the reputation but she found it was the only way for her to get attention and love. She remembered how excited she'd been on her first date. Susan didn't know about Clarice's reputation then. And one of the football players had asked her out. She'd been thrilled at being asked out by a football player. Football players were the elite of the school. They were better looking, more popular, and the best of all the boys, and the rule was that they didn't ask out eighth-graders. She knew that she was attractive to boys. Not as attractive as Clarice, but she did have a good figure and her tits were full and her ass was round and inviting. She knew she'd probably have to kiss a few times but she expected that. And there was really nothing wrong with kissing, as long as the boy didn't get too fresh. Lots of girls kissed and nothing was ever said about it. Charles Greene had been the boy who asked her out. Charles was the quarterback for the football team, perhaps the best-looking boy of them all. She asked him where they were going and he kind of smiled at her. "Don't worry about it, sugar," he said. "We'll find someplace nice to go." "But what'll I wear?" Susan asked. Charles grinned at her. "Awww, something simple." She didn't realize what the grin meant then. But she knew that his grin gave her an uneasy feeling. She soon forgot about it though because of the excitement of dating a football player. That evening Charles came by for her. She had picked out a halter top and shorts to wear, hoping that he didn't decide on some place a little fancier. He gave her a whistle of appreciation. "Nice-looking outfit." "Thank you," she said, feeling a thrill. Charles walked her to the car. "Yes sir," he said as she slipped into the car, "I knew you was nice-looking but, baby, you've got one sweet-looking ass in those tight shorts." She blushed red at his words. Being her first date, she really didn't know what was expected of her so she didn't protest at his vulgar words. She figured that all the girls put up with a few vulgar words from boys. Perhaps it was just Charles' way of complimenting her. He put one heavy hand on her knee as he pulled the car out of the driveway. His hand felt hot to her. She brushed it away. That was being a little too forward. He would have to date her a few times before he put a hand on her. "We've got to pick up somebody else," Charles said. "Oh? Then we're doubling?" "Something like that," Charles laughed. Susan wondered who the other girl and boy would be. She hoped it would be a nice girl who wouldn't look down on her. A lot of the senior girls were very snotty. Susan found out that it wasn't another boy and girl. It was just another boy. Charles stopped the car in front of Carl Fenstein's house. Carl Fenstein was a junior, but he was one of the most popular boys in school. He was tall, good-looking, and the best lineman on the team. But Susan didn't care much for him. He had an evil way of looking at her. Still, Susan didn't say anything as he opened the front door and slipped in beside Charles and Susan. "Hi, babe," he said. "How's things going?" "Just fine," Susan replied. "I hope you don't mind my coming along," he said. "I was kind of lonely at home by myself." The look in his clear eyes told Susan that he really didn't give a damn if she minded or not. And he wasn't lonely. A boy like Carl could never be lonely. "No," Susan lied. "Of course not." "Good," he said. "We're going to have lots of fun today. Lots of fun." Susan couldn't think of any way to answer him. She seriously doubted if they were going to have any fun with Carl along. Carl had all the personality of a bully. Charles pulled the car out of the driveway and started toward the highway. He drove for about an hour. The moon was out and it was a bright night. Susan wondered where, they were going, but she didn't want to say anything. Finally he pulled off the road into a shaded area. There were many trees and a river near them. Susan wondered what kind of fun they could have in an empty place like this. Charles went around to the back of the car and took out a picnic hamper. It wasn't food that Charles took out of the hamper. He took out a beer and popped the top. Charles handed it to Susan. Susan had never had a beer, and she didn't want to start now. "No thank you," Susan said. "Aw, come on, baby," Charles said. "Be a sport. Drink. One beer won't hurt." Susan didn't want to be accused of not being a sport so she took the beer. Maybe all the girls drank. Probably they did. Susan had read once where most teenagers did drink. She took a sip and made a face. She didn't like the taste of it at all. Charles laughed at her and opened up another beer. He handed this one to Carl who took a long swallow. "Good stuff," Carl said. Charles opened his beer and took a swallow that matched Carl's. "That roadside place," he said. "I don't know where I'm going to buy it when they close down." "We'll find a place," Carl assured him. Charles and Carl drank two while Susan was trying to finish off her first. She finally finished it and dropped the can. Charles quickly handed her another can. "I couldn't drink another," Susan said. "Come on, sugar," Charles pleaded. "Don't be like that. You'll learn to like it." "Sure," Carl agreed. "It's a taste you get used to." "I couldn't, really," Susan insisted. Charles forced it into her hand. "Just drink up. There's plenty more." Susan reluctantly took another drink. Charles and Carl were beginning to feel good. "Come on," Charles said. "Let's go down to the river and look at the water." Susan didn't want to go, but she found herself being pushed down the bank. Charles took a blanket along. The little river was running fast. Charles stretched out the blanket on the green grass and sat down. "Here," Charles said, patting the blanket. Susan sat down on the blanket beside him and Carl sat down on her other side. Charles took a long drink of his beer, and smiled at Susan. "So you're in the eighth grade," Charles said. "You know I am," Susan said. "That's funny," he said. "You sure don't look like an eighth-grader with your body and that long hair. You look more like a senior." "Thank you," Susan said. Susan took his words as a compliment, but she was beginning to feel a little uneasy. "Is Clarice your sister?" Charles questioned. "Yes," Susan said. "She wants to be a nurse." Carl laughed. "Goddamn! A nurse. With those hands she'd make a good one." Susan wasn't quite sure what he meant, but she had a bad feeling. The date was not going exactly as she'd imagined it. She had some idea of romance on a date. Getting to know a boy and having him getting to know her. Maybe a chaste kiss at the end of an evening. But you didn't have dates with two boys and a girl. Two boys made her feel nervous and unsure of herself, and she didn't like the way they kept looking at her. She was a virgin, but she had seen her parents fucking too many times not to have a good idea of what could happen. "How about a little kiss?" Charles asked. She saw nothing terribly wrong about giving Charles a kiss. Just a small one. She lowered her face to Charles and gave him a chaste kiss on the mouth. She ignored the probing tongue that pushed at her lips. "Aw come on, sugar," Charles said. "I know that you can do better than that." "I don't think so," Susan said shyly. "Aw why not, baby?" Carl asked. "Ain't no body going to see you way out here. Give him a little kiss." He caught her head and pulled her close. His lips were brutal as they pressed against her own. Again he tried to get her to open her mouth and admit his probing tongue. Charles pushed her away. His face was red and he looked disgusted. "Hey, baby," he said. "Don't come on so hard with me. I know about you." "What do you mean?" "It means you're just like your sister. A little whore. A little hot-pants girls." "You're awful!" Susan said. "You're vulgar and you're lying about my sister." "Hell no, I'm not," Charles said. "She's a hot little piece of ass. I knew you'd be the same way. I thought we'd just break you in right. While you're still young." "You can't mean that," Susan said. "Of course I mean it," Charles said. "Did you think we brought you out here to look at the river? What the hell did you think?" "I don't know," Susan said. "I didn't know what to think." "Shit," Carl said. "You're not fooling us. I bet you were broke in long ago. Just like Clarice." Susan tried to stand, but Carl caught her by the shoulder. His eyes were ugly as he looked at her. He licked his dry lips in anticipation. "Sit down," he commanded. "Don't try to run away. We're just going to give you what you want." She sank back down on the blanket and then Carl was upon her. His lips covered hers and he wouldn't let her break away. His tongue came out and it was vulgar, demanding, insistent. "Open your mouth." Charles said. "Open your mouth and you can breathe." She wouldn't open her mouth. He kissed her throat and then her soft white shoulders where they were revealed by the halter top. She felt Charles leaning against her other side. She could smell his breath as he blew into her ear and kissed her. Susan shivered. This was definitely not the way she'd thought her date would go. "Please," Susan begged. "Please let me go." "Let you go," Charles said in an injured tone of voice. "Hell, we're just getting started." Just getting started! Susan panicked at his words. She tried to twist out of their grasp, but they held onto her tightly. "Goddamn it!" Carl said. "Don't be in such a hurry to get away. We're going to treat you right." Carl touched her bare stomach flesh. Susan felt tingly. His fingers traveled up her flesh and underneath her halter. Then his fingers were touching her titties. "Goddamn," Carl said. "She has got a nice firm tit. Just the way I like it." Susan tried to jerk away from them one last time, but she had no luck. She only made them hold onto her until she began to hurt. Then he pulled her halter top away and exposed her naked titties to their hungry gaze. "Damn!" Charles said. "You know your tits are bigger than Clarice told us." "They sure are," Carl agreed. "They're bigger than Clarice's tits." Clarice told them about her tits. Suddenly Susan knew that whatever they told her about Clarice was true. Clarice was a whore. And Clarice had told the boys about Susan. "I should have picked Clarice up at the house long ago," Charles said. "I would have, if I'd known she had a thing like this at home." "Fuck," Carl said softly. "Yeah," Charles said. "That's what we're going to do. We're going to fuck." Susan knew there was no use in fighting them. They were too strong for her. She quit struggling and lay limply in their arms. Their fingers kept exploring her body. Carl's hands found her ass-cheeks and he began to squeeze her behind. Carl reached for the zipper of her shorts. He undid them and she raised her hips to help him slide them off her hips. "That's right," Carl said soothingly. "Now you're acting right." Charles' fingers were back at her tits. He was squeezing her softly and pinching her nipples. Carl slid her panties off and she heard him suck in his breath. "Hot damn!" he said. "What a good-looking pussy. I want some of this." "Who's going to be first?" Charles questioned. "I'll tell you what we'll do," Carl said. "Let's flip a coin." "Okay." Susan couldn't believe what was happening. She watched them stand up and Carl took a coin out of his pocket. "Heads," Carl called and it landed on heads. They were actually flipping a coin on who got to fuck her first. It was incredible. Carl smiled at her and began to undress. He stripped off his clothes and Susan found her gaze drawn to the spot between his legs where his hard, jutting cock was already trembling in expectation. He circled the cock-head with his two fingers and said, "Here you are, baby. Here it comes." "Oh please," Susan said. "Please don't do it to me. I'm a virgin." "Sure you are," Carl said. "Just like Clarice was a virgin and I've been fucking Clarice too long to believe that." He knelt down beside her. Susan tried to close her legs as she felt his weight upon her. She couldn't. His strong fingers forced her legs apart. His cock pushed at her pussy. "Shove it in there," Charles urged his friend. "Do her good." There was a sudden, sharp pain as his cock tore into her virgin pussy walls. Then he was inside of her, and his balls rested against her cunt-lips. "Jeeesus," Carl moaned. "Jeeesus, she's tight!" He began to move in and out of her slowly. She could feel his cock stretching her cunt walls. The friction was painful. She tried to move away, but he found that only excited him more. His hands cupped her tits and he allowed his body to rest on her. He whispered into her ear. "Fuck me, bitch," he said. "Move that ass around. Fuck me good. Fuck my cock oft baby. Fuck me like your sister Clarice fucks. Man, she can fuck fine. She's got a move to her ass that nearly knocks your head off. Come on, baby! Fuck me like Clarice!" Susan resigned herself to her fate. His cock was in her. There was nothing she could do to change that. She was no longer a virgin. There was no sense in trying to put it off. Soon he would be coming. She sighed and began to move her ass. So this was what made dance so popular. Well, she could be twice as popular. "Goddamn," Carl moaned. "This little bitch knows how to fuck. I knew she had to know if she was Clarice's sister. Shit, I just knew you had to be good." Carl wasn't good for long. In a few minutes his hands started squeezing her titties hard, almost painfully. Then his cock began to move in jerky little movements and she felt the first spurt of his juice against her cunt walls. Then other spurts. "Goddamn!" Carl said. "Here I come! Here I fucking come!" His hot semen poured into her cunt. A river of cum. She kept moving against him until he was drained dry and he fell away from her with a painful groan. He bent his head and kissed her titty. "Shit, baby," he said. "You're just as good as Clarice. Maybe better." "I am better," Susan said. "Shit," Carl said. "You got a real future in school." Susan turned her head in time to see Charles fall between her legs. He was naked and his jutting cock slipped easily into her. He rested his head on her shoulder and his hand tangled in her hair. "Move it," he cried. "I want to feel you moving it." She started doing him as she'd done Carl. His cock was slipping in and out of her pussy quickly and she knew that Charles would not be able to last for long. "Raise your legs, baby," Charles said. "Lock them around my back like Clarice does." She raised her legs and locked them around his back. His cock slapped rapidly against her. He was going in deeper than Carl had gone. "Oh shit!" he said. "This is living. This is really fucking living." He kept fucking her. She closed her eyes and thought about her sister Clarice. Clarice with the pretty black hair, always tangled, and the deep eyes dance who had already made a reputation for herself by wrapping her legs around as many boys as she could manage. She started pushing herself harder against Charles and she knew the points of her hard nipples were exciting him. He was panting. "God," he said. "God, here I come! Oh fuck! Oh shit! Oh fuck!" And his cock emptied out his semen into her. They had taken her home a little less foolish than when she had started. Susan knew now what she had to do to be popular and she went about doing it with as many guys as she could. "That Susan," boys would say. "You can get into her panties anytime you want. All you have to do is ask. Just push her into the back seat or wherever." "Shit," another boy would say. "I got her one time in the broom closet." "Has she ever sucked your prick?" "Hell yeah. Hundreds of times. I even fucked her in the ass once. She's got a nice tight ass." Girls would look at her strangely, as if they couldn't understand her, but Susan didn't care about understanding. All she cared about was a hot cock and the fact that she got more dates than any girl in school. And boys often bought her nice things. Some of them would even offer her money, but she drew the line at that. That would make her feel too whorish. She was happy… until Miss Thomas caught her behind the school with Tim Douglas. It was an embarrassing situation for Susan, but she knew it would have been a lot more embarrassing if Miss Thomas had caught them a few moments later. As it was, Tim only had his hand up her skirt and they were kissing. A few moments later and Miss Thomas would have seen her with her dress up above her hips and Tim's cock going into her cunt. She was glad that didn't happen. Still it was hard to explain. That afternoon they had called her parents and they'd both come for her. It was a silent ride going home. Her father kept giving her angry glances. Her mother seemed uncaring, as if it was just another burden for her to bear. He took her to her room immediately. Her father closed the door behind them and started taking off his belt. "We were just making out," Susan explained. "Making out, shit!" her father shouted. "I know what you were doing. How many other boys have you fucked?" "I haven't," Susan lied. "I know what you've been doing, Goddamn it!" he roared. "And I know the right punishment for it." He swung the heavy belt at her and Susan jumped back. She tripped and fell across her bed. Her short skirt rose up even higher to reveal the white flesh of her thighs. She saw her father lick his dry lips as he stared at her. "Well now," he said. "On second thought I think I should take you across my lap. Just like when you were little." Susan couldn't fight her father. She could run away from him, but she couldn't fight him. She quickly jumped to the other side of her bed, but he followed her around. "Stay still," he commanded. "Don't run away from me or I'll give it to you worse." She sat still. Tears burned at her eyes as her father sat down beside her. He took her arm and pulled her across his lap. She was unprepared for what happened next. He took the end of her skirt and pulled it to her waist. She knew her buttocks would be completely revealed by the flimsy fabric of her panties. "Oh no!" she said in shame. "Don't worry," he said. "I'm your father." He started spanking her. At first the blows were hard. But before long the blows became softer and softer until they became little more than caresses. Her father's breath began to get erratic. "Fucking boys," he said softly. "That's all you're good for. Just fucking boys." He pulled her so that her cunt was resting on his prick. She felt how hard his cock was. "Oh no," she said as she felt her father's big hand go beneath her panties and start playing with her buttocks. "Oh please." "What's the matter?" her father asked. "What you've been giving the others is all I ask. Isn't your father's prick good enough for you?" "But you're my father!" "Shit," he said. "That don't stop up no holes. I still know how to use one. Ask your mother." Susan sobbed as he picked her up and dropped her down on the bed. He began to strip off his clothes. She saw his hairy chest and then his shorts especially where his prick was bunched up. "No," he said, looking at her with excitement. "You take my shorts off." Susan took the waistband of his shorts and pulled them down over his legs. He picked his feet up and she pulled them off. She raised her head and saw his erect prick waiting for her. "Kiss it," he said. "Show me how you suck the boys." Susan closed her eyes. She'd tasted cum before. She'd sucked off a lot of boys at school. But somehow sucking her father felt repulsive to her. She didn't want to touch his cock. He took a handful of her blonde hair in his iron grip. "I said kiss it." She kissed it. Very lightly. He wouldn't stand for that. He tightened his grip on her hair and pulled her face back to his cock. He pushed it at her mouth. "Goddammmmmn!" he roared. "You know how to do it. I know you do. Now do it right. Make me happy." There was no way out. She opened her mouth and took his hard prick between her lips. How many times had she seen this same hard prick going into her mother's pussy, with her mother groaning and moaning? How many times? It seemed the most vulgar thing she'd ever done. "Goddamn," he said softly. "I knew you knew how. Now suck it good, baby, and I'll give you a present." She knew what the present would be, but she saw no way to avoid it. She sucked his rigid flesh deep into her throat. His firm prick pushed at the back of her throat and he groaned loudly. She used her tongue in the tight confines, rubbing the top of his prick as well as she could. She had never sucked a bigger prick but she had long since learned to breathe from her nose while she sucked cock. "Shit," he said. "Shit, shit, shit! I knew you had a good mouth." She wanted him to come quickly, so she nursed his cock like a baby. She swallowed up as much of his cock as she could and then slowly pulled his prick from her mouth with a loud pop. Then she repeated the process. He was groaning loudly. She released his cock once more and she began to use her tongue. She ran her tongue down the upper side of his prick and then came back up to the head. Again she went down on his long length until she could feel his heavy balls resting against her chin. She knew she was adept at giving blow-jobs. She knew that no girl in school had more experience in giving them. Now she was using all the experience she had to make her father come quickly. She only knew that she didn't want her father to fuck her. "God, baby!" he groaned. "God, you can do it! I knew you could. God Almighty, what a mouth!" She tasted the first of his lubricating fluid. She released his cock and touched the tip of her tongue to his hole. Again she tasted fluid and then just a salty taste. She knew he was getting ready to come. "Goddamn, baby!" he said. "Take it in your mouth! I'm ready to give you my present. Goddamn, I'm going to come! Take it in your fucking mouth!" She was almost too slow. The first spurt of white caught her on the cheek, but then her mouth was enveloping his prick once more and she was tasting his jism. She swallowed quickly as he pumped his seed into her throat. He had a heavy load. It took her a while before she had drained him dry. Susan fell backwards. She was relieved. At least now he wouldn't fuck her. She was thankful for that. But then her father said: "Strip." She looked up in amazement. He was massaging the head of his cock and it was already becoming hard again. God, she'd never realized that he was so animal-like. "Strip, I said!" His command was to be obeyed. She stood up and began to unbutton her blouse. He couldn't wait. He took the neck of her blouse and ripped it into two halves. She had not worn a bra. She blushed as she felt his hot eyes taking in her ample tits. She couldn't believe that it was her father looking at her tits. She was beginning to feel a little warm under his gaze. She'd always been proud of her titties. And when boys looked at them, she'd always pushed them out to show their creamy flesh to good advantage. Now she was feeling proud again and she wished she wasn't. Not in front of her father. "Now the rest," he said. "Take it all off. Quickly, Goddamn it!" She reached for the zipper of her short skirt and pulled her skirt off. Now she stood before him in only her flimsy panties. She saw his eyes go to the junction of her thighs, where her blonde pubic hair was visible. "The panties," he said. "Now the panties." She stripped the panties off her long legs. She could not take her eyes away from his prick. It had slowly grown to full length as he watched her undress. "Shit," he said. "I've got to fuck you!" Now he was really like an animal. He pushed her onto the bed and positioned himself between her thighs. He gave a shove and buried his cock in her cunt. He fucked her violently. He squeezed her tits, her ass, her thighs; he kissed her in every place he could reach. His violently fucking prick was beginning to turn her on. She didn't want to get turned on by her father, but it was happening. It was pure passion, no love, no tenderness. He fucked her as he would have fucked the lowest whore and she found that she was enjoying it. "Got you now," he whispered into her ear. "I knew you liked to fuck. I knew it would turn you on as soon as I got my cock in. You're just like your mother. She starts moaning when I get my prick in her." And now Susan was moaning. She was experiencing exciting shivers as his cock slammed forcefully into her. His fingers found her ass and pried her ass-cheeks apart. One finger slipped into her asshole and he began to massage her there. It was like he was beating her with his cock. Before, the boys had been exciting and their cocks helped her to make it exciting, but it had never been like this. She bit her lip to keep from screaming, but then she couldn't hold it back any more. "Oh my God!" he cried. "Oh Jesus Christ! I've never been fucked like this. Oh Jesus!" He laughed as he slammed his meat into her cunt. "I told you," he said. "I told you you'd love it. I know what kind of girl you are." She no longer cared that it was her father who was fucking her. She no longer cared about anything except the delicious hunk of meat that was filling her cunt. She rubbed her pussy against him and her ass came off the bed in quick movements. "Fuck me," she said. "Fuck me good!" They both came at the same time. One moment he was driving himself into her and the next, his seed was filling her hot cunt. She flooded him with her juices at the same instant. "Oh shit!" he yelled. "Oh shit, you're good. Good and tight, cunt. Good and tight!" The trembling in her body stopped and she became ashamed again. Never before had she been so used. She turned her face away as he tried to kiss her. "No kiss, huh?" he questioned. "Well, that's all right. I don't need tenderness. Just your pussy." "No," she said. "Never again." His voice sneered at her. "Never. Bullshit. I can have you any time I want you. You've got a hungry cunt. You need a good hard cock, and I can give you one. You enjoyed it too much, baby. Pretty soon you'll be begging for another fucking like you just had. I know cunt." He got up and dressed. She didn't look at him. She was afraid she would show the truth in her eyes. She had enjoyed it. If it had been any other man but her father, she would have been begging him for more in a minute. But he was her father. She heard the door close softly and she knew he was gone. She got up and took a long hot shower. She dressed and lay back down on the bed. It was a long time before she could gather up courage to get up. She heard the noises as soon as she opened the door to her bedroom. Soft moans came from the kitchen. She walked down the hall and peered in. Her father had gone straight from her to her mother. He had her mother bent over the table and his hard cock was going into her fleshy ass. Susan's mother was moaning and crying out loud. Her father saw Susan and he smiled at her. "Don't worry," his smile seemed to say. "I'll save up enough for you tonight." Susan knew then that she had to leave. She hurried back to her bedroom and packed her bags. She didn't know where she was going, but she knew she had to get away from that house. Another fucking from her father and she might never want to leave again. She took two bags and climbed out her window. She was dressed in jeans and a halter top. She hoped to catch a ride on the highway. Perhaps somebody would come along. She had walked about a block when she heard a car. She turned and saw that it was some of the boys from school coming up behind her. Tim Douglas was driving. "Hey, Susan," he called. "Where you going?" "Just away." "Well get in. We can take you someplace." She was a little hesitant. After the first time, she'd made it a rule never to go off with more than one boy. Boys could get rough when they were with friends. They were softer, more gentle when they were by themselves. But Carl wasn't taking no for an answer. He opened the back door and pulled her in between him and Bill Hake. Danny Jeffries was in the front seat with Tim. Susan could smell beer off all their breaths. "I don't think I should go with you," Susan said. But the boys were not listening. Tim had turned on the radio and loud music filled the car. Carl pulled her closer and whispered in her ear. "Hey, Susan," he said softly. "Do you remember that first time? With me and Charles." How could she ever forget? Carl's hand dropped to her knee and he began to squeeze her tender flesh. "How about another little kiss?" he asked. He didn't wait for her answer. His mouth bruised hers and she felt his tongue probing at her lips. She opened her mouth and admitted his tongue. After all, there was no sense in making them mad. Every boy there had fucked her. Carl found one of her titties through the cotton halter. He began to rub her nipple until she grew hard. She pushed his hand away, but he put it back. She started to push him away again, but he wouldn't let her. "Stop it," he said. "I've played with your titty before." Susan shrugged. After all, he had played with her titty before. And he had fucked her in every position possible. She had tasted his cum more times than she could count. The only thing that made her nervous was having so many boys in the car. She didn't like to be watched. "Let's uncover them," Carl said. "Oh yeah," Bill said. "Uncover them. See if they're as big as Miss Thomas' tits." "What do you know about Miss Thomas?" Susan asked. "She could wear falsies." "But she don't," Tim said from the front seat. "There ain't nothing about her that's false." Susan wondered what made them laugh so hard. But then she didn't have time to wonder any longer for Carl was tugging off her halter-top and exposing her titties. "Now those are nice," Carl said. "I like your tits more every time I see them." "Stop!" Susan protested. But he didn't stop. He fondled her titties with his rough hand until both her nipples were hard and she was breathing heavily. "See," he pointed out. "You don't really want me to stop." She didn't really. Already she was feeling the fires start to torment her. Why couldn't she be like other girls and be able to resist boys? But she couldn't. Every time a boy touched her, she seemed to shiver and grow excited. Carl bent his head and took her tit-flesh into his mouth. Carl felt an ache in his balls and he wondered at how sexy he had been feeling that day. He had fucked Miss Thomas three times and now he was ready to go again. He cupped Susan's ass-cheeks and squeezed. "How hot are you, baby?" he asked. "Are you ready for old Carl?" "No," Susan said. Again he didn't seem to hear her. "Pull the car over," Carl said to Timothy. "I want to fuck this juicy piece." "I get seconds," Bill said. Timothy pulled the car over and stopped it. He had a big grin on his face. "Goddamn," he said. "Let's all give it to her. Just like we did Miss Thomas." The back seat rubbed her skin raw as Bill and Carl went about stripping the rest of her clothes off. They had her naked in a few minutes and Carl was pushing her legs apart. "Hot damn," Carl said. "I like to get it in the back seat." Susan was already sore from the fucking her father had given her, and Carl didn't have a small prick. He hurt her slightly as he entered her. "Move your ass, baby," he said. "You know how to move." Despite the pain, Susan knew she needed to get it over and done with quickly. The other boys would be wanting their turns and she was impatient to get going again. "God," Carl moaned. "I love to fuck. Christ, how I love to fuck." "Well, shut up and fuck!" Bill commanded. "We ain't got all day. What if a cop comes along? We ain't exactly hiding." A cop. Susan had not even considered that possibility. What if a cop did come along? It would be a bad experience, and she'd probably never get away from her father. Susan knew she had to hurry, and she knew what turned Carl on. She reached between them and began to fondle his balls. Carl moaned. At the same time she rubbed her full titties against his chest. He liked the feel of her titties. He played with them every chance he got. "Oh shit," Carl moaned. "She knows how. She really knows how. Holy shit, I'm going to blow my wad!" Susan began to move urgently against him, and she started whispering soft words into his ear. She knew he also liked to hear her say dirty things and she tried to remember every dirty word she'd ever thought of. "My God," Carl said. "She's doing it. Oh shit, she'd doing it! Oh fuck, here I come! Oh fuck!" She squeezed his balls hard as he emptied his semen into her cunt. She kept squeezing until his prick was drained completely dry. He still lay on top of her. She knew what he was doing Carl would remain on top of her, with his prick still in her pussy, and after a few moments he would begin to get hard again. She knew she couldn't allow that. "Oh Carl," she moaned. "That was good. That was really good. You really gave it to me that time." She made the rest of the boys realize that Carl had already come and he was trying for seconds. "Shit no!" Bill said. "You can have seconds later. Now it's my turn." "Fuck you," Carl said. "Aw come on, Carl." Bill implored. "Let us have our turn. Come on." "Yeah, Carl," Tim said. "Don't hog all the pussy. We want some too." "Shit," Carl said. "Okay. You can have her. But I may want another turn." Carl was just talking and Susan knew it. Usually he would have been already hard and ready again. He must have gotten some pussy earlier. Susan wondered where and with whom? Was there some other girl in school fucking that she didn't know about? Susan doubted it. Then she remembered that the boys had mentioned Miss Thomas, but Susan discarded that possibility. Not cold-assed Miss Thomas. There was not a sexy bone in her body. A boy would have to beat her half to death and rape her to get into her panties. Rape. Surely the boys wouldn't have done something like that? They were wild, but they weren't that wild. She quit thinking about Miss Thomas as Bill took Carl's position. "Hey," he said. "How about turning over and getting on your hands and knees. I'd like to fuck you in the ass." "You know I don't like that," Susan said. "Shit, come on," Bill said. "You like it after I get in. And you've got such a sweet, tight ass." "Do it for him," Carl said. "Go ahead and give him a piece of your ass." Susan turned over on her hands and knees so that her ass was up in the air. She felt Bill's hands parting her ass-cheeks. One finger was inserted into her tight asshole. "Now be gentle," Susan warned. "I won't let you if you're not gentle." "Hell yeah," Bill said. "I'll be gentle. I'll be real fucking gentle." She felt his hard prick pressing against her tiny asshole. He pushed and his cock-head entered her. Susan tried to relax every muscle. She had been ass-fucked before. Carl had been the first and he wasn't gentle. It had hurt for days. After a few more times she had learned how to control her muscles so that she could relax and the pain wouldn't be so bad. She had actually learned to enjoy it once the boy got his cock inside her. She didn't want to get excited today. She only wanted to make each boy come as quickly as possible. She was still worried about the possibility of a cop showing up. Bill pushed harder and his prick was slowly going into her ass. He was stretching her ass walls and the pain was growing worse. It was hard to relax with her nose pressed against the window of a car and her legs and arms in such a cramped, confining position. "Oh," Susan moaned as his prick went all the way into her ass and his balls slapped against her. "Holy fuck," Bill said. "I'd almost forgotten how tight her ass really is. Hot damn, what a fuck." He had forgotten about being gentle. Now his prick was going into her violently and she grunted each time his heavy balls fell against her ass. "Gentle," she warned. "Gentle, Goddamn it." He cupped her titties and he pulled her ass closer to his cock. "You just relax," he said. "I'll worry about being gentle. My prick is soft and tender. He won't hurt you." "Shit, if it won't," Susan said, and all the boys laughed at her painful grunt. Tim and Danny were watching with jealous eyes from the front seat. Tim could feel an ache in his balls, and he was impatient for his turn. "Damn," Danny said. "Joe don't know what he missed by being taken home early." "Yeah," Tim agreed. Tim kept thinking about Miss Thomas, about how good his prick felt sliding into her. He wished that he'd fucked her a few more times. Maybe even once in the ass, although Tim liked pussy better. Maybe he should have let her suck him off. Joe said she had a nice mouth. Maybe he would let Susan suck him off. Tim knew that Susan had a nice mouth. Tim shifted a little in the seat to ease his throbbing cock. The beer was beginning to wear off and Tim was beginning to get worried. What if a cop did come along? "Ahhh, Jesus," Bill was moaning. "Ahh, I'm going to come. Ahh shit, I'm going to come. Ahhh fuck. Ahhhhhh fuckkkk!" Susan grunted as Bill gave a hard plunge and then his cock emptied of his white seed. Susan continued to rub her ass against him until she was sure that he was done. Bill fell away from her with a loud groan. Susan rested her arms for a moment. They had been so cramped that she was tensing up and fire was going through her. She turned around so that she could face the boys in the front seat. "Okay," she said. "Who's next?" "I guess I am," Tim said. "Well, come on," Susan said. "Or were you planning on staying around here the rest of the afternoon?" There was a little confusion as Tim changed places with Bill and Carl. Finally Bill and Carl were in the front seat and Tim was in the back, facing Susan. "Well," Susan said. "Now do you want it?" Tim cupped his hands behind his neck and leaned back against the window. He licked his dry lips. Yes, he'd like those sweet-looking lips of Susan's wrapped around his hot cock. He'd like to empty his hot load into her throat. "I want a little suck," Tim said. Susan nodded. She was glad Tim had asked for a sucking because sucking was what she did best, and she knew Tim. She would wrap her lips around Tim's cock and she would have him ready in just a few minutes. Susan leaned over between his legs. First she positioned herself so that she could place his cock between her titties. She rubbed his cock between her titties until he was hard. "Oh shit!" he said. "That feel good, Susan! Oh shit, that feels good!" "It's going to feel better," Susan promised. She grabbed his cock and slipped the loose skin up and down. His cock was hot and sweaty. She lightly ran her fingers down the length of his prick until she was cupping his balls. She squeezed his balls gently. "Oh," she said in mock surprise. "It's so heavy. Is all of that for me?" She knew what turned Tim on. His eyes became glazed and he moved against her. "Shit yeah, baby," he said. "Every drop is for you. I want to shoot every drop down your hot throat. I want you to swallow my hot cum." Susan smiled in a wicked way. She touched her tongue to the tip of his cock. She could already taste his lubricating fluid. "Oh suck it, baby!" he protested. "Don't just play with it. Suck it into your mouth." It was too soon. She knew he needed to be teased for just a few minutes before. Tim liked to be teased. He liked to be brought to the point of coming before she plunged her hot mouth down on his cock. "Come on, Susan!" he pleaded. "Suck me off! Suck me and swallow my cum!" Susan was not to be hurried. She knew that her patience would only make him come quicker. She ran her tongue down the soft underside of his cock, tasting his sweat. He groaned loudly and he grabbed her hair. "All right, Goddamn it!" he said. "Suck me off! Suck my cock good!" Now it was time. Slowly she opened her lips and took in his cock. She sucked his prick until his cock-head was resting against the back, of her throat. She rubbed his balls. "Oh shit!" he said. "That's it! Oh shit, that's what I wanted. Oh shit!" She knew he wouldn't be able to take that for long. He started groaning and moving his hips wildly. She almost choked, yet she still kept her mouth on his cock. "Oh Christ!" he moaned. "I'm going to cum! Oh shit, I'm going to cum. Oh fuck and shit! Oh shit and fuck! Oh fucking shittttttt!" He jumped as his prick emptied out into her mouth. She swallowed his cum easily as it drained into her mouth. She kept her mouth there until he was finished. He withdrew his limp prick and wiped himself off with a lock of her long, golden hair. He gave her a pat on the head. "You were pretty good, girl," he said. "Thank you," she said. And now it was Danny's turn. Susan didn't think he would want anything fancy and she was right. Danny was one of those who simply liked to fuck. He liked to have a girl beneath him and his cock going into her cunt. He liked the feeling of power it gave him. Danny climbed into the back seat with her. Susan stretched out on the seat. Tim had gotten out. He now stood against the car drinking another beer. Susan spread her legs as Danny pulled down his trousers. There was little foreplay with him. His cock was already hard and ready. He positioned himself between her legs and pushed in. His cock slipped into her easily, for she was already wet with her own juices and that of Carl's. "Okay," he said. "Get yourself ready for a fucking." "False modesty," someone said from the front seat, but Susan knew that Danny could fuck good. He started pounding her into the seat with his hard cock and Susan got hot. She forgot about the possibility of cops coming along. Danny was a good fuck. "Ummmmm," Susan moaned. "Ummm, that feels good, Danny!" Danny quickened his pace. He drove himself into her cunt with the same furious urgency that her father had fucked her with just so many minutes earlier. She reached between them and found his balls. She played with them for a moment, liking the feel of his balls, liking the heaviness of his sperm. "Oh God," he groaned. "I'm going to come! I'm going to fucking come!" It was too soon for Susan. She tried to slow him down, but his rigid cock blasted into her with a load of hot cum. He filled her cunt with his semen, but he didn't satisfy the heat that had started to build in her. "Shit," she said as he fell away. Jeff Turner had been making his last night a night to remember. He had been in the city for four days and he'd bought everything that he'd been supposed to buy. His old pick-up truck was filled completely and he was waiting for morning when he would start back to the farm. His father had warned him about the evils of the city. He was barely eighteen and he'd seen very little since he'd quit school. He'd decided he was really going to have a good time on his last night. He had never taken a drink in his life, but tonight he had more than made up for it. He had hit fourteen bars so far, and he had put away a few dozen. This bar was called the Paradise. He went into the darkness and found himself a corner table. The girl who came to his table was topless. He stared hungrily at her exposed tits. He had never had a woman before. He had often wanted to. Even now, he still had wet dreams about Miss Thomas, a teacher he'd had, and wet dreams also about some of the girls in the school he'd gone to. Beautiful girls like Susan. "Well," the waitress said. "Are you going to order or are you going to sit there staring?" "Scotch and water," Jeff said. She left and came back a few minutes later with his drink. She saw him bring out a roll of bills and peel a dollar off the top. He didn't see the light that came to her eyes. She left him and walked around to bar to where a man was sitting. He was dressed in a business suit. He was a big man, with curly hair, and a scar across his cheek. "Boss," she said. "There's a boy over there with a roll of bills big enough to choke a horse." "Yeah? Which one?" "That country-looking boy over by the door." Her boss peered into the darkness and saw the boy sitting at a table and sipping his drink. A smile came across his face. "Judi," he said. "Do you think you can get him to step outside with you?" "Hell," Judi said. "The way he was staring at my tits I could get him to go anywhere with me." "Good," he said. "Get him in the alley in five minutes." "Okay," Judi said. "But I get a percentage." "Sure, baby," he said, patting her hip. "I'll get you all that you need." Judi went back to the bar and got another drink for him. She walked back to Jeff's table and leaned across so that her titties rested on the table near his hand. "I thought you might be running out," she said. "Yes," Jeff said, giving her another dollar. "I was getting kind of low." Jeff had a hard-on. He couldn't help it. He was reeling at the smell of her perfume, and he wanted to bury his face in her sweet-smelling hair. He wondered how tight she would be. "Can I sit down?" Judi asked. "Sure," Jeff said quickly. Judi slipped into the seat beside him. She saw the bulge in his trousers and she smiled. This was really a rube. She looked at the clock on the wall. In two minutes she would take him to the alley. "This your first trip to the city?" Judi asked. "Yes," Jeff admitted. "I thought so." She leaned close so that her pert tits rubbed against his arm. A look came to his eyes that made Judi think he was going to grab her and rape her right there. She drew back in alarm, but he controlled himself. Judi kept thinking about how good that roll, of bills looked. She could live for a nice long time on a cut of that. "What's your name?" Judi asked. "Jeff," he said. "Well, Jeff," she said. "How about your coming up to my place for another drink?" Jeff couldn't believe his luck. This pretty brunette girl looked and smelled so good. He would be willing to go almost anywhere with her. He stood up quickly, hoping that his hard-on wasn't too evident. "Well," she said. "I take it that you accept." Judi took his arm and led him toward the back door. She knew the routine only too well. As soon as she opened the door, her boss would step out of the shadows, along with another man. They would both be carrying clubs. She would hold onto his arm tightly so that he couldn't move away. It worked every time. Except this time. They hadn't been aware of Jeff's fantastic strength. He had worked from the time he was a little boy and it was hard work. When he wanted to show off, he could bend metal with his hands. The door closed and the two men came out of the shadows at him. Judi made a futile attempt to hang onto his arm, but he shook her off easily. He caught her boss by the throat and shook him like a puppy. He hit the other man in the throat and the man went down making gurgling noises. He turned and caught Judi's arm before she could run away. "We were going up to your room," he said. "I can't," Judi said. "I don't have a room around here. You see, I'm a married woman." Both men were on the ground and groaning. Boss had a bad color to his face. The other man started to throw up. "Then you just wanted me to come out here so that they could get me?" "I…" Judi started. "That is, I…" "Tell me the truth!" Jeff was angry. More angry than he'd ever been in his life. He had liked the pretty girl. He had liked and trusted her. He took both her arms and squeezed them together. Pain went through Judi. "Yes!" Judi cried. "Yes, I did!" "And he's your husband?" Jeff asked. "No," Judi said. "Not him. My husband works as a bartender." "The one inside?" "Then he knew what you were coming out here to do?" Jeff questioned. "Yes," Judi admitted. "Then he won't care if I take my reward." "What do you mean?" Judi asked. "You. I want you. Or I'm going to leave you like I just left them." Judi searched the country youngster's face and she found he meant what he said. She would have to trade her body for her good health. Judi shrugged. She knew she deserved anything he gave her. "Okay," Judi said. "You'd better get your coat," he said. He caught her arm again. "And Judi. If you don't come back out, I'll come in. And then you really will be in trouble." Jeff watched her go and he breathed a sigh. He let the anger go out of him. He looked back at the two men. The boss still lay where he had fallen. The other man had managed to drag himself away. Jeff knew Judi wouldn't call the police. She knew what stories Jeff could tell if she did. She might try to escape. Probably she would. Jeff didn't know if he really cared or not. "I'm ready," she said, coming out a few moments later, wrapped in a thick coat. "What did you tell your husband?" Jeff asked. "The truth." Jeff nodded. He took her arm and walked her out of the alley. He was not feeling drunk any more. He motioned for a cab and told them where to take them. His hotel was a nice one. Not really expensive but nice and clean. He could tell that Judi was impressed by it. He took her arm and led her to the elevator. Nobody said anything about him bringing a girl up to his room. The elevator operator did give him a wink when they got off. He took the key out of his pocket and unlocked the room. Judi stepped inside. She did like the room. She liked the expensive look of it, even though she knew it was not one of the most expensive hotels. She felt Jeff's strong arms slip around her waist. He was so strong. His hands kneaded her titties through her coat. She felt her nipples grow hard automatically. Judi had never actually been touched by anyone but her husband. She had lured a lot of men out into the back, but none of them had ever gotten even a single kiss. Now she was expected to go through with the act of love with a stranger. She shrugged. It was better than being left in the alley with a sore throat. "Take off the coat," he said. Judi slipped the coat off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She saw him looking at her titties. Finally his hand came up and tweaked one of her nipples. "That hurts!" "Shut up!" His mouth bruised hers and his tongue pushed into her mouth. She couldn't help her response. He was just so strong and really good-looking. She felt his hard chest pressing against her own and it was different from her husband's beer belly. He pushed against her with his cock and she pushed back. He stepped back. "Strip it off," he said. She didn't do it gracefully, but he must have liked the way she tore off her clothes because his eyes registered approval. He made her turn around as she stripped her panties off. She hoped he wasn't an ass man. She had gotten it a few times in the ass from her husband, but she had never really enjoyed it. "You're nice," he said. His voice was gentle. She turned and found his face surprisingly gentle. She found herself liking this powerful young man, perhaps more than she should. Again he kissed her and this time his lips were gentle. She clung to him. He kissed her neck, her shoulders, her throat, his hand traveled around her body exploring. "Oh God!" she moaned. "Oh God!" He picked her up in strong arms. She felt weak as he carried her to his bed and lay her down. She frantically tore at his clothes until she had him as naked as she was. She gasped as she saw his body. He had a muscular, unblemished body, deeply tanned by his long days in the sun. "Ohhhhh," she moaned. "You're beautiful." "You've got that wrong," he said. "You're the beautiful one." He stretched out beside her on the bed and they kissed for a while. Her fiery tongue slipped into his mouth and she began to massage his tongue. She felt his cock grow hard against her leg. She slipped her hand down to his cock and wrapped her fingers around his huge staff. His prick trembled in her hands. "You're never been with a woman, have you?" "No," he admitted. "My God," she said. She began to massage his prick, running her fingers down the length of his cock until she fondled his balls. She couldn't believe how heavy they were. All that sperm saved up just for her. "Fuck me," she said. Jeff got between her legs and pressed his hard prick against her cunt. She opened her legs wider and pushed her self against him. He groaned as his cock went into her tight and juicy pussy. "Oh God!" she said. "What a nice cock. What a wonderful cock!" He drove his prick into her cunt furiously, feeling the ache in his balls. She knew that he was not going to be able to last long and she didn't care. She felt so good with his cock in her cunt, and she knew that there would be another time before the night was done. Maybe a few times, because she'd already decided to stay as long as he wanted her. She raised her legs and wrapped them around his back. "Oh fuck," he grunted. "I can't wait. I'm going to come! I'm going to come! Oh fuck. OH FUCK!" She smiled as his prick jerked and he emptied the first of his love juice into her. She kept grinding her pussy against him until he fell against her with a soft groan and his limp prick popped out of her pussy. She pushed him over onto his back. "That was the first," she said. "That was just to get the edge off. Now I'm really going to make you feel good." Judi kissed his nipples and then let her tongue travel down the length of his body. She kissed the tip of his prick, licking the spot of jism away. "I'm going to make you feel really good," she said. She sucked his limp prick into her mouth. She could feel the heat and she knew it wouldn't be long before he was ready again. She sucked noisily, liking the taste of his sweat and the salty taste of his jism and even the taste of her own juices still on his cock. "Fuck," he moaned. She began to suck harder and she felt him grow in her mouth. His prick was beginning to push against the back of her throat and she kept gobbling his cock like a candy stick. She wanted to taste his cum, but she wanted him more in her hot and hungry cunt. "Now I'm going to fuck you," she said. He looked at her with puzzled eyes as she climbed up on top of him. She let herself go down slowly on his cock. She felt his delicious length sliding up into her cunt and she nearly fainted with pleasure. Now it was her turn. She knew she was hot enough to come almost immediately, but she didn't want to hurry. She jumped up and down on his prick easily and slowly. "God!" she moaned. "God, you feel good!" She settled down fully on his cock and felt the fires race through her. "Oh shit!" she said. "Squeeze my titties! Squeeze them hard. I want your hands on them." He was more than willing. He cupped her tits and began to squeeze them as she fucked him. "Oh Jesus!" she moaned. "Oh Jesus fuck! This feels so good. I don't think I'm going to last for long." Now Jeff was beginning to grow hotter and she knew that his prick was going to be erupting into her very soon. She hurried, her pace. She wanted to come together. "Jesus," she cried. "I'm going to come! Oh Jesus, I'm going to come. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Oh fuck!" She screamed as he came with her. Jeff was smugly pleased with himself. He was coming home with all his father had ordered, and with something else. He was coming home a man. "Damn," Jeff said, rubbing his crotch. "That little filly was something." It made his cock hard to think of all the things that Judi had done to him. She had fucked him blind and he had loved every second of it. "Shit," Jeff said as he turned his pick-up onto the highway. "I wish I could meet another one like that. Oh fuck, I feel horny." He knew that he was now going to have problems. He knew he couldn't be content just to stay on the farm, and his father wasn't going to like that worth a damn. His father liked to run everything and everybody. Well Rebus wasn't going to run him any more. He was wondering how he was going to break the news to his father when he saw the blue car pull off the road and vanish into a clump of trees. Jeff knew the highway. He had spent most of his growing up years walking up and down the road and going through the woods. He knew that there was nothing down there except a dead-end road. He had plenty of time and Jeff didn't mind helping out a friend, or even a stranger. The fool probably thought the road was a shortcut or something. Jeff pulled the pick-up into the dirt lane. He drove for about a half mile before he came upon the blue car parked beside the road. And then he heard the girl scream. "No!" the girl screamed. "Please, not that! Please don't kill me." Jeff didn't thing about anything. He opened his dashboard where he kept his pistol. He grabbed it and went darting through the woods where he'd heard the girl's voice. He burst through some bushes and found the girl on the ground. He recognized her. Susan. He had gone to school with her. She had a bad cut on her forehead and she was nearly unconscious. He looked up when the boy came through the woods searching for her. Carl. A football player. Carl carried a tire iron and he was weaving drunkenly. "Hey," Carl said. "What's going on? We were just having a little fun. We were just seeing how far the little cunt could take a tool up her cunt." "You bastard!" Jeff said. Carl came at him with the tire iron. Carl never would have done it if he'd been sober. Carl had fought Jeff before and knew how strong he was. But the beer was making Carl feel like he was stronger than the world. Jeff knocked the tire iron from his hand and starting beating him with the pistol. He clubbed Carl to the ground in a pool of blood. Carl wasn't dead, but he would have a headache for a long time. Jeff heard other movements in the bushes. Tim, Bill and Danny came running through the bushes. They stopped short when they saw Jeff. "You're sick!" Jeff said savagely. "You're all sick!" All three of them rushed at Jeff. They were surprised at the fury with which he met them. He clubbed Tim to the ground, kicked Bill in the balls, and gave Danny a hard blow to the stomach. He turned on Danny, who was bent over clutching his gut and clubbed him to the ground. Danny took off crawling and bleeding and crying out loud. Jeff turned back to Susan and picked her up with strong and gentle arms. He carried her easily back to his pick-up truck and put her in the front seat. She was bruised and bleeding and nearly naked. The pants she wore were torn in a dozen places. Her halter top was in the same condition. "Goddamn it," Jeff said. Jeff walked back to the blue car and reached in and turned on the ignition. He put the car in gear and stepped back. The car started rolling. It rolled into a tree and burst into flames. Jeff went back to his pick-up and got in. Susan was moaning, but her eyes were open. "It's all right," he said. "I'm taking you home." Rebus was standing on the porch when Jeff pulled into the yard. "What you got there?" Rebus said as he gazed at Susan. "A girl," Jeff explained. "She's been hurt bad." "Well, what the hell did you bring her here for? Why didn't you take her to a hospital?" "Because I brought her here," Jeff said. Rebus must have heard the new note in Jeff's voice because he frowned. There had never been any confidence in Jeff's voice before. Rebus had always been able to run over Jeff and get Jeff to bend to his will. Something must have happened while he was in the city. "You're not bringing her in," Rebus said. He didn't like the looks of the girl. She looked as if she'd been hurt bad and a girl who'd been hurt was not what he needed around here. What if she died? There would be reports that would have to be made and perhaps one of the girls he'd brought there would come forward and talk. He had always explained them as simply friends to Jeff, but he had a feeling that Jeff knew what they were there for. Rebus could get into a lot of trouble no matter which way he turned. Jeff picked the girl up in his arms and walked toward the house. "She's not coming in!" Rebus insisted. "What do you suggest I do with her?" Jeff asked. "I don't give a damn. Take her to the hospital or leave her beside the road. But she's not coming in." Rebus crossed his arms against his chest. Jeff stood before him quietly, the girl still in his arms. Susan was moaning softly now and then, and he knew she needed rest and attention. His father smiled and Jeff decided what he was going to do. He had always felt so frightened of his father, but now he knew that he was strong enough to face him. "Fuck you," Jeff said. A pained expression came across his father's face as Jeff pushed past him. He carried the girl inside and to his bedroom. He put her down on the bed. He heard his mother come into the room behind him. "Who is she?" his mother asked. "A girl I knew at school. She's been hurt bad. A few boys hurt her." There was a gasp and he looked up to see another woman standing there. At first he didn't recognize her. Another one of his father's friends. She wore a pair of tight jeans and a frilly blouse. He could tell she wore no bra. "Susan!" Erica said. "What's happened to her?" And then Jeff realized who she was. Miss Thomas. Erica Thomas. His cold teacher whom he'd had so many wet dreams about. What was she doing here? She was certainly not his father's type of woman. "It's Susan," Miss Thomas said. "I know her from school. What's happened to her?" "A few boys got rough with her." "Were Tim and Carl among them?" Miss Thomas asked. "They were," Jeff said. "But I don't think they're going to be bothering anyone for quite a while." A look of smug self-satisfaction came across Erica's face. So Jeff had hurt them. She could tell by the tone of his voice that he had hurt them badly. She was glad. They had paid for their brutal use of her. She looked sadly at Susan. Susan was breathing heavily and looked as if she had passed out. "Both of you," Jeff's mother interrupted, "get out of here. I'm going to work on her and see if I can fix her up a little. It won't be nice to watch." Jeff nodded. He followed Miss Thomas out of the room. They went into the living room. His father sat in one of the big chairs. His face was flushed red. There was a bottle of whiskey in his big hand. "Fuck me," he said. "So that's how you treat your father, after he does his best to raise you the right way." Jeff said nothing. "So now you're not talking to me. I swear you're a hell of a son for a man to have." "I'm leaving you, Rebus," Jeff said softly. "I'm taking my share of this year's profit and I'm leaving. I can't stay here any more." "Leaving!" Rebus gasped. He gripped the bottle hard. "What the hell do you mean! You can't leave me! You can't!" "I'm taking half and the old pick-up," Jeff said. "I think that's fair." "But what the hell are you going to do?" "I don't know," Jeff said. "Maybe I'll travel. Maybe I'll go back to school." "You Goddamn fool! School never did anything for anybody. What did it do for her?" Rebus pointed at Miss Thomas. "She's just a whore like any other cunt with two legs and a hole. Her education don't mean a damn thing when she's on her back." "Please, Rebus!" Erica stopped him. Erica had seen the hurt look that flashed in Jeff's eyes and she knew he was fonder of her than she'd imagined. He didn't like his father talking about her this way. "Please hell!" Rebus said. "A whore, and you'll be just as bad if you go away." "I'm going," Jeff said. Rebus came off the chair with the whiskey bottle still in his hand. His face was red with rage. He swung the bottle at Jeff and he avoided it easily. He grabbed his father's hand and twisted the bottle out of his hand. Rebus tried to bite and kick, but Jeff held him steady. "Cut it out," Jeff said. "You bastard!" Rebus said. "You ungrateful bastard!" Jeff hit him. Just a light tap on the chin, but Rebus went backwards staggering. Jeff swung hard and chopped him down like a felled tree. Jeff looked at Miss Thomas and frowned. He went into his father's room. He was tired. His back ached. He took off his shirt and lay down on the bed. Miss Thomas came into the room. "What he said wasn't true," Erica said. "It doesn't matter," Jeff said carelessly. "It does matter to me. I'm not a whore. I was raped and when I turned to your father for help, he raped me too." "Then why haven't you left?" he asked. "You must have had your chances." "Because," she admitted, "I started to like it. Your father is a strong man." "Not as strong as me," Jeff said. "No," Erica said. "Not as strong as you." Erica closed the door and locked it. She turned back to face Jeff. Her fingers went to the buttons of her blouse. "They say I have very nice breasts," she said. She unbuttoned her blouse and dropped it. Her titties were firm and huge. She arched her back at him and the nipples became hard points. He was tired but not that tired. "Come over here," Jeff said. She walked to him. He placed one hand on her right breast and massaged her for a moment. Her nipple became rock-hard underneath his sensitive touch and she moaned softly. "Oh God, Jeffrey!" He touched his lips to her nipple. She writhed against him as his lips caressed her. He opened his mouth and put his tongue to her hot skin. Jeff was remembering all the ninny times he had dreamed about doing something like this to Miss Thomas. How many times he had thought about touching his lips to her skin, tasting the sweet flesh of her titties? He opened his mouth wider and drew more of her flesh into his mouth. Such sweet-tasting flesh. He couldn't get enough of it. "Oh Jesus!" she said. "Oh Jesus, Jeff! You're killing me." He pulled her closer to him and his hands went behind her to cup her buttocks. He could feel her trembling beneath the tight jeans. Each time his tongue touched her nipple her asscheeks would quiver. She pushed him away and tugged frantically at her jeans. She skinned them down off her long legs and stepped out of them. She wore no underwear. "God, you're beautiful," he said. "Kiss my pussy," she urged him. "Put your mouth on my hot pussy." He had never done that before, but he felt the urgent need in her body. He sat on the side of the bed and pulled her pussy against his face. He tasted her sweet juices. "Your tongue," she said. "Put your tongue in." He opened his mouth and his tongue slipped into the warm hotness of her cunt. He massaged her cunt walls for a few moments and then his lips found her clit. She jumped as his lips closed over her clit. "God," she moaned. "God! God! God!" He continued to suck on her clit until the ache in his balls became too much to bear. He finally had to push her away and he stripped off the rest of his clothes. His cock was hard and throbbing and ready for the plunge into her moist pussy. "Oh God!" she said. "It's so big! I need it! Oh God, how I need it!" He pulled her on top of him so that she was positioned over his prick. Then he drove his aching cock up into her cunt deeply. She cried out loud as his hot staff was buried into her pussy. "That's it," she moaned as he began to move in and out of her. "Oh fuck me, Jeff! Oh fuck me." She began to sob as he starting pushing his prick deeper into her and his hands fell against her titties. "Nice titties," he said. "Goddamn nice titties. I could squeeze them all day long." "Oh Jesus!" she said. "Oh Jesus, it feels good." Jeff didn't want her on top any more. He lifted her off him and put her on her back. Erica had never felt so completely dominated by any man, even Rebus. His muscles bulged every time he moved and she felt weak in his arms. Perhaps it had something to do with love or perhaps it was simple need, but she knew she needed Jeff like she'd needed no other person before. "Oh yes, Jeff!" she pleaded. "Slam it to me. Slam that big hunk of meat way inside me." Jeff opened her legs again and placed himself so that his prick was resting against her hot hole. He went in only a little way and then came out again. She was protesting loudly and trying to grasp him with her hungry pussy. "What do you want?" he asked, teasing. "I want you," she pleaded. "I want your hot cock in my pussy. Oh please put it in! Put it in deep! Oh please fuck me, Jeff!" Her words turned him on even stronger and he could wait no longer. He gave a lunge and buried himself deeply in her cunt once again. Good. Goddamn, it was good. Better pussy than Judi had given him. "Oh shit!" Erica cried. "I'm going to come. Oh Goddamn, I'm going to come! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" She jerked against him in her passion and flooded him with her juices. He pulled his cock out before he had a chance to come. She looked at him in puzzlement. "I want you to swallow my cum," he said. "I want to come in your mouth." Erica looked at him and nodded. She was willing to do anything he wanted. She wanted to please him. She climbed to her hands and knees and pushed him over on his back. "Swallow it," he said. "Oh yes," she said. "I'll swallow it. I'll swallow every drop." She opened her mouth and drew his hot cock in. He came almost immediately and Erica kept her promise. She swallowed every drop of his thick white semen. She kept his prick in her mouth until he was drained completely dry. "Take me with you, Jeff!" Erica pleaded. "Please take me with you." Erica had never begged anyone for anything in her life. She'd always done things on her own, with little help from anybody and really not wanting any. But she was begging Jeff because she knew she couldn't live without him. "Please, Jeff." The only man she cared about was Jeff and she was willing to do anything he wanted. "I'll work hard," she said. "I'll take care of you. I'll do anything you ask." "We'll see," Jeff said. He touched her titty. "Now go and see how Susan is getting along." Erica jumped. She wanted to prove to him that she meant what she said. That she was willing to obey his every command. She had spent the entire night with Jeff in his parents' bed. Jeff had fucked her in every position and she had loved it. Now she had forgotten all about her teaching job and anything else. She only wanted Jeff. She felt safe with Jeff and she felt well fucked with Jeff. Susan was alone. She had her eyes open. There was color in her cheeks and she looked healthier. "Miss Thomas?" Susan questioned. "Yes," Erica said. "Where am I?" "Jeff's home. He brought you here. Don't you remember anything?" "Not much. I remember Jeff helping me. I remember trying to tell him what happened." Erica touched her forehead. Susan really was a pretty girl. "It's all right now," Erica said. "Everything's all right." They heard someone behind them. Rebus stood there. His face was flushed with anger and drunkenness. He weaved unsteadily. He had an empty bottle in his hand. "You little tramp," he said. "You took my son away. You're nothing but a whore." "But I haven't," Susan protested. "You did, and I'm going to teach you a lesson." He started toward them and Jeff caught him by the back of the neck. Jeff shook him like he'd shake a dog. His father's eyes glazed over and he made soft gurgling sounds. "Okay," Jeff said. "That does it. I'm leaving. Today. As soon as I get my bags packed. And they're going with me." His father had nothing else to say. He walked off with a hurt look in his eyes. Jeff looked at Susan and smiled. Here was another of those girls that he'd often had wet dreams about. The curve of her breasts. The way she smiled and licked her lips until they were wet and glistening. Just right for sucking cocks. "How do you feel?" Jeff asked her. "Pretty good. But if you had come around ten minutes later I wouldn't have been so good. I can't believe they were really going to stick that awful thing in me." Susan shuddered. "Well, nothing can happen to you now," Jeff said. "You're with friends and later on I'm taking you both out of here. Just as soon as I pack a few things." Erica was pleased. She was gad that he'd decided to take her. She saw the way he was looking at Susan and she knew that he wanted Susan. Erica smiled. He was her man and she'd see that he was happy, even if it meant giving another woman to him. And even if she was a young and pretty girl like Susan. "Let me kiss you," Erica said to Susan. Susan was surprised as her teacher's soft lips touched her own. She was even more surprised when she felt the gentle probing of Erica's tongue. Susan opened her mouth and admitted the fiery tongue. She felt a warm heat between her legs as Erica quit kissing her and straightened up. She motioned toward Jeff. "Look at his trousers," Erica said. "He's getting hard watching us. Let's really give him a show." Susan nodded as her teacher's mouth once more burned against hers. Once again their tongues came together and this time she returned the passionate kiss. It was Susan who first reached for Erica's breasts, fumbling with the buttons in her urgency and finally getting them undone. Her teacher's huge tits were exposed to her hungry eye and quickly she drew them down to her lips. She sucked one into her mouth and was rewarded by the sweet taste of her flesh. She left that tit and went to the other. Both her teacher's nipples were now hard and aching. "Oh Susan!" Erica moaned. Susan pulled her into the bed and quickly pulled off the rest of her teacher's clothes. They came together, Erica being careful of Susan's bruises. Erica pulled Susan on top of her and their pussies came closer. Susan began to move against her teacher as if she had a cock and she was fucking her. Jeff could stand it no longer. He wanted to be in bed with the two sexy women. His cock was hard as a rock and quickly he pulled away his clothes. Susan was the first to notice him. She reached for his hard staff. "Look here," Susan said. "Look what we have here." She began to massage his staff and Jeff groaned. "Oh that's it," he said. "That's what I needed. Oh, you've got such sweet hands." Erica and Susan put him between them. Jeff had never known such excitement as he felt their beautiful titties pressing against him and the sweetness of their kisses against his body… Both Erica and Susan found his hard prick with their tongues at the same time. "Poor hard thing," Susan said. "Oh yes," Erica said. "We should do something about that." Susan went to his balls with her hot tongue and Erica swallowed his cock. Jeff felt beads of sweat break out on his forehead. He could feel Susan's mouth against his balls, that same sweet mouth he had so often dreamed about, and he could feel Erica gobbling him deeper and deeper into her hungry throat. He was afraid he wasn't going to last for long and he wanted to fuck Susan. He wanted to feel his hot cock going into Susan's quivering pussy. He pushed their heads away. "No," he said. "I've got to fuck Susan. I want Susan's cunt." They left his cock and Susan lay back and spread her legs. Erica kept her hand on his cock. "Just get on top," she said. "I'll put you in." Jeff positioned himself on top of Susan as he felt Erica's hands guiding his cock into her cunt. He gave a shove and his cock was in. "Ummmmmm," Susan moaned. "Ummm, that feels good." He was afraid of hurting her so he fucked her gently. Erica crawled down to the end of the bed and then put her head underneath them. Suddenly he felt her tongue on his cock as he slipped in and out of Susan's cunt. "Oh my God," he moaned. Nothing could have prepared him for the wonderful excitement that was going through him. Erica's tongue was making his fuck better and Susan seemed to know how to use her pussy to add to his excitement. Suddenly he felt Susan trembling underneath him and he knew her climax was about to come. "Fuck me!" she moaned. "Fuck me harder!" He forget that she was hurt and he began to drive himself in and out of her hot cunt with a fast and furious violence. "Oh Jesus!" Susan moaned. "I'm coming! Oh Jesus, I'm coming! Oh Jessusssss!" He felt her juices flooding his cock and that drove him wild with pleasure. He felt the ache in his balls and he knew he couldn't last. "Oh fuck," he said. "Oh Jesus fuck! I'm going to come. I'm going to fucking come!" His prick emptied out his hot juice into her cunt and he felt Erica's tongue licking up the little that dropped out. Jeff moaned and fell away. Immediately Erica pounced on his prick and began to lick his juices. "Oh God," he said. Jeff had never been so happy. An hour later Jeff, Erica and Susan had the truck packed and ready to go. Jeff's mother brought him out some money she had been saving. "I've got money," he protested. "No," she said. "Take it. I want you to have it." Jeff nodded. "Tell father good-bye," he said. His mother smiled and gave him a kiss on the cheek. She kissed Erica on the open mouth and fondled her breast. "You take care of my son," she said. Erica smiled and touched Jeff's crotch. His prick became immediately hard. "He'll take care of me," Erica laughed, and she shivered at the thought of the many pleasures ahead. 