I am not accustomed to seducing students, particularly when I’m lecturing on the bard. But there she was with her legs crossed – front row, notebook spread – and I admit my gaze fell and there you have it. I could say it was the approach of the twenty-fifth, or the snow that makes Cambridgeans hanker for warmth, but in fairness, I suppose I’d be lying. It was flesh and eyes – no, mostly flesh – and maybe a smattering of bard. The lecture was about sex. Be not alarmed, dear reader. When one has studied literature for thirty years, one begins to get coitus on the brain. I usually say the bard is the worst, though, in fairness, it’s Chaucer who priketh harde and depe and I have to admit there’s more to dear Jane than meets the eye. (Had you ever wondered what went on beyond the haha? Be wary of coyness. It ruts beneath the silks.) This was what I sought to impart on the Friday morning in question, ostensibly to a dozen students, though I was actually addressing Ms Carson’s thighs. These sported nylons and a skirt that played a purpose quite different to coverage or warmth. “In fact,” I explained, as she uncrossed her legs, her knees a mere pinch apart, “the ‘Ado’ in Much Ado About Nothing, might well have referred to sex. Evidence also suggests,” I went on, “that to an Elizabethan, a ‘thing’ was, euphemistically, a phallus. This said, I put it to you that a nothing (or a ‘no thing’, if you will,) might well have represented the vagina. So there we have it. Freudian I admit. A Lot of Sex Around A Vagina.” There was the usual ripple of mirth. Ms Carson, whose scarlet pout had steadily slouched, flashed me a filthy glare and re-crossed her legs. Thus came the thing that snatched me away – a flash, I fancied, of gusset. A wisp of lace as thin as her sheers (light, virginal and clearly rude) and I have always been so swayed by stocking tops – that gasp of flesh and strap. My own muscles stirred behind the lectern. I imagined her, sprawled in that very seat, moist beneath the lace; the crease where the thigh meets the slope of the sex as warm as a full-mouthed kiss. (The Medieval prick is so apt, don’t you think? Hardness, if you’ll pardon, can be needling.) I noticed, as I strained to return to my speech, that while the others took notes, Ms Carson did not. And as I watched, I grew more certain that all twelve of them, in their analytical fervour, had glimpsed my fixation. They saw and they flinched, with their taut flesh and hormones. And yet, with an idle stroke of her bosom, Ms Carson won me back. I ask you, would you have sent her away? Milk-white skin, a swell of cashmere, black eyes coaled and filled with heat. No, no. She was a Desdemon. (And I had not made the beast with two backs since the Yuletide of ’ .) I asked her to stay behind. And so it was. I feigned authority, with a shuffle of papers, and Ms Carson waited and watched. I was aware, in my state of Adonisian excitement that the chance of this creature truly aching for me was, quite frankly, slim. And yet, I still wondered how she’d propose such an act: “You gave me an F, now I’ll return the favour”? “Allow me to show you my no thing”? Or was I required to make the first move? If so, the price of failure could be steep. Naturally, she did none of these things. As I reached up and cleaned the board, I heard her steps behind me. She climbed the platform and walked so close that I could smell the peppermint on her breath. I turned round. She was leaning against the table, which stood to the left of the lectern. The look in her eyes was especially louche. “I noticed,” I said, walking up close, “that you weren’t taking notes.” She shrugged and parted her knees. “You’re disgusting,” she said. The heart in me fell. “I mean it,” she went on. “You, lecturing on sex like that: it’s vile.” “Ah,” I said. I coughed, once, into my fist. “Well, Ms Carson, such is the nature of Shakespeare.” “Touch me,” she said. As if to highlight where, she parted her knees a little more and stared at me with a filthy dilation. “Ah,” I said, glancing down. “I see.” As I stood on this delicate moral precipice, there was but one thing that tipped me over the edge. The female form – beautiful as it is – arguably reaches its prime when the spine is bent back like a harp, and the curves, if you will – reach out to be plucked. Ms Carson now moulded herself in this way. Her lashes lowered, her thighs parted. She smelt more of musk than mint. With a free hand she grabbed mine, jerked me against her (I fear I fell clumsily) and thrust my fingers upwards. (Upwards to where, I shall not say. I am aware, dear reader, of the limits of taste.) I circled rather ineptly, charmed by her wetness, which grew behind the lace like an oyster from the swell. She let out a sigh and tossed back her head, and this inspired my freer hand to reach down and unzip. Mea culpa! In her palm, I was a sapling! And how roughly – but how faithfully! – she tore me from the earth! She gripped me firm, slipping free each pearlised button, until before me lay a bosom that could launch a thousand ships! How I, aged dolt, thrust myself within her, and cried between her thighs and poured confessions from my depths! Dear friend, I was transformed! I shuddered, quite Olympian! Her fountain washed me pure and I did drink! The world, I fear, was spinning. I collapsed, against her neck. I thought I could hear her moaning, “Again, again…” “I’m sorry, my dear,” I murmured. “I’m afraid I’m quite spent.” She pushed me away, and I stumbled. She gave me the look of Iago. “Give me an A!” she said, through her teeth. She sighed and rolled her eyes. “I want you to give me an A!” Exhausted by the prospect of further carnality, I considered what an “A” might be; but her face, alas, gave away her intention, and I saw that she was speaking of grades. “Forgive me, my dear,” I shielded my manhood. “But top grades are hardly likely, unless you make some notes.” She rolled her eyes, and began to chew. “Do I have to spell it out?” she said, grabbing me by the haunches. “Give me an A for my essay, and I might forget to tell the Dean about your…” She glanced down at my tender parts, and added, “Shall we say, movements.” Dear reader, I was shocked. Such indecency! Such filth! The serpent’s tooth itself is not so thankless or so harsh! “Indeed,” I said, regaining my pride, as I zipped myself secure. “Should you truly merit an A, I would give you nothing less!” She slipped from the desk, with succubae eyes. “Well I do,” she said, with a toss of her head. “I merit an A, and you know it.” And I watched her stride from the room, her hips swaying ahead of the rest, alarmed at the thought of my Faust-like demise. She did not attend my lectures again, though I often pictured her sitting there, triumphant, thighs akimbo. But now, I fear I’ve misrepresented her. What can be said of that? Believe me, she was a Desdemon. Perhaps I’ll rewrite her in iambs. And in her way, she saved me, for her essay truly deserved an A. My friend, it was exquisite! Believe me, for why should I lie? She wrote of misprision with the quickest of wits (and I fancied her pages smelt almost erogenous). 