‘Damn. Now there’s a man who can wear a suit,’ she purred. ‘Where?’ ‘Just walked in.’ In a semi-crowded upscale bistro, three pairs of eyes fixed on the door. ‘Try not to be too obvious,’ Brooke said to her friends in a hushed voice. Brooke glanced at her two best friends. She was lucky to have them. She always looked forward to their weekly girls’ date. It was their custom to go to the gym together and then grab coffee or food. Cheryl’s husband looked after the kids while Kate’s man did fuck knows what. ‘Yeah. Good eye,’ Cheryl said, and smiled coyly before returning her attention to her half-consumed strawberry tart. ‘I do so love a hot man in a suit. Reminds me of that guy who was in the office of that last temp job I worked,’ Brooke said, still eyeing the man at the counter. ‘You never mentioned him,’ Kate quizzed. ‘He wasn’t worth mentioning. He was married, had a couple of kids. I asked someone about him. Mostly he was eye candy. Must have known I was hot for him. He was an instructor or something. Had a classroom set up right across from the lunchroom? I always gave him the look when I went for coffee.’ ‘Brooke. You’re such a tease,’ Cheryl snorted as she drank her coffee. ‘Not at all. I only ever said hi to him when we passed in the hall. It was him that spoke to me first. Did the good morning, how are you bit. He was into it. Whatever. I imagine he was flattered. He was in good shape. Sometimes saw him minus his jacket. Nice broad shoulders. Bald. Well groomed. Goatee. It was the suit though. He just looked so hot in that thing,’ Brooke reminisced. ‘You should make that your next conquest. A hot guy in a suit. How long has it been now?’ Kate teased, knowing Brooke was in the middle of a sexual dry spot. ‘Going on four months. This is the point where I start itching for it. That’s a fine idea though. I have yet to fuck a ‘business professional’,’ Brooke joked. ‘Go for it and make sure to tell us all about it, especially the nasty details,’ Cheryl said and laughed. ‘You are the most sexually obsessed married woman I know,’ Kate said to Cheryl. ‘Billy’s shift schedule changed. He’s on nights. I’m at work all day. We barely cross paths. But, between now and Sunday,’ she paused, ‘my husband is going to fuck me!’ ‘Hallelujah. Never mind him fucking you. You fuck him,’ Brooke joked. Brooke eyed the back of the man on his way out the door, coffee in hand. ‘Yeah. I bet he’s got a great ass hidden under that suit.’ It was Wednesday. Hump day. Everything that could have gone wrong in her day had. She was looking forward to going home, eating yesterday’s leftover Chinese food for dinner and sinking into a hot bath. Upon getting into her car Brooke managed to get a ragged fingernail caught on the thigh of her stockings. She watched as the tear of the material continued upwards and stopped only because its path was blocked by black lace and elastic. ‘Goddamnit!’ she cursed. That reminded her. She thought of her sock drawer and tried to recall if she had any packages of stockings left. Nope. She’d opened the last package this morning. An eight-dollar pair of stockings had at least managed to survive the day. What a fuckin’ waste. On the bright side – at least the other leg was salvageable. She considered wearing a pantsuit to her early morning meeting with the higher-ups of the company she worked for, but thought better of it. In a skirt Brooke would look her smartest – meaning she needed to pick up more stockings. There was a Macy’s on the way home. That would do. She could be in and out in five minutes. Walking through the store, she was a woman on a mission. Her high heels clicked noisily against the floor. The store was all but empty with a few customers and seemingly even fewer employees around. With her purchase tucked away in her purse, she walked past the men’s department and noticed a deliciously suited man milling through the clothes racks. She slowed her pace and cut into an aisle. She took a better look at him as she slowly moved closer. He was wearing a dark suit with a blue shirt on underneath, although it wasn’t tucked it. His tie had been loosened. Fuck. Brooke loved that casual look. He couldn’t have been much older than her, late thirties maybe. He was very well groomed with a closely cropped haircut and tightly groomed goatee. She’d wager he had softer hands than most men and wore expensive cologne. She had to have him. As if sensing he was being watched he looked up and his eyes connected with hers. Very nice. She didn’t look away. She held his gaze as she walked towards him. ‘Are you lost?’ he asked, his voice deep and baritone. ‘Lost?’ ‘I assume you aren’t shopping for yourself,’ he joked as she propped her arm up against a clothes rack. She quickly glanced down at his left hand. No ring. Good. ‘Maybe I’m shopping for a boyfriend…my father or brother,’ she rebutted. ‘I don’t think so,’ he replied, and stared at her knowingly. ‘I was on my way home. Tore my stockings.’ She pulled up her skirt showing him the torn stocking. ‘Oh dear. What a shame,’ he said, not taking his eyes off her exposed thigh. ‘That suit is really hot. Or…I should say – you are hot in that suit,’ she said, her eyes fixed on his. How ridiculous. She couldn’t believe the words were coming out of her mouth. That was one hell of a pick-up line. She considered that if a man said those same words to a woman he was liable to be punched. How wonderful the things women could get away with. She reached for a shirt hanging from a nearby rack. ‘I think you’d look really good in this. Why don’t you try it on for me?’ He didn’t even blink. Did this type of thing happen to him often? She didn’t care. She spun on her heel and walked towards the changing rooms. ‘You’re coming, I hope,’ she said, not bothering to turn around. Her eyes scanned the area. There wasn’t a soul around. She walked to an empty changing room in the farthest corner. She turned and grabbed hold of his tie and pulled him in after her. She dropped her purse, pulled off her coat and leaned against the wall. ‘What’s your name?’ he asked. ‘Kate,’ she lied, thinking how much her friend would appreciate being directly involved in her latest sexual escapade. ‘Richard.’ ‘Well Richard. I sure would like to see you minus that suit.’ She made no offer to help him undress. She had no intention of it. She watched intently as he slowly pulled off his tie and slid out of his shirt. His confidence was unfettered. Heat radiated from her sex upwards. The room suddenly felt like it was a thousand degrees. He was in good shape. With his shirt off his skin was darker than it should be considering the season. He probably paid for an artificial suntan. His chest was wide and his arms strong. Brooke undid the buttons of her blouse and let her suit jacket fall to the floor. They had yet to break eye contact as if they were in some sort of stare-off. Let him win. She averted her eyes to his crotch as he unbuttoned his pants. His hard-on was obvious. Looked like he had a good-sized cock. She guessed she wasn’t going to be disappointed. She reached down for her purse, found the inner pocket and the condom inside. She pulled it out and tossed it at him. She tugged at the bottom of her skirt and pulled it up her thighs until it was tight around her hips. Looking him in the eye again she reached down and stroked herself through her panties, feeling the dampness of the material against her fingers. ‘Very nice,’ she purred at him. She watched as he pulled his underwear and pants down and let them collect in a heap around his ankles. His cock jutted out in front of him as he fumbled with the condom wrapper. She hooked her fingers through her panties, slid them down her thighs and kicked them off to rest at his feet. She rotated her hips seductively as her fingers slipped between her moist folds and traced over her clit. ‘You going to fuck me, Richard?’ she purred. ‘Fuckin’ right,’ he growled, the former professional businessman persona having now disappeared. She turned away from him and leaned against the wall, moving her right foot up to rest on a small bench. She then felt his hot hands come to rest on her hips. His fingers roughly kneaded the skin of her ass before moving down to her pussy. She felt his fingertips trace over her clit before opening her up for his cock to follow. Brooke moaned out an ‘ugggghhh’ as he forced himself into her. She winced in pleasure as his girth spread her open. She braced her hand against the wall as her free hand slithered down her belly to play with her clit. He grunted behind her as he roughly pounded into her. His hand reached around to her breasts which he grabbed at, pushing her bra up and leaving the under wire to pinch pleasantly into the skin above her breasts. He tweaked and squeezed her nipples. ‘Fuck. That’s nice,’ she coaxed him on, lost in the feelings that were erupting in her cunt. She didn’t know how long he banged her for – it could have been five minutes, it could have been three. It didn’t matter. It was quick and that’s all she wanted. He fucked her relentlessly, hard and in a consistent rhythm. Now this was a man who knew how to fuck. ‘Oh my…FUCK…’ she squeaked out as she came, her legs shaking violently beneath her. His orgasm was quick to follow hers. His fingers roughly squeezed at her hips and breasts. She would no doubt have some form of blood bruises tomorrow. Brooke turned around to face him once he’d pulled away from her. She reached down for her panties and quickly stuffed them in her purse, at the same time fumbling with her buttons. She had her skirt pulled down and her jacket back on before he had pulled the condom off. ‘Thanks. That was really…crazy,’ she said, searching for an appropriate word and coming up empty. She looked at herself in the mirror as she smoothed out her clothes and hair. Then, she moved towards him and kissed him hard and quick on the lips. ‘I suppose asking for your number would be a waste of time,’ he asked, clearly already knowing the answer but trying anyway. ‘Yeah. Probably,’ she replied, feeling very much like a wanton slut. She reached for the door handle. ‘Take it easy,’ she said, walked out, through the men’s department and out the door. Scratch that one off her list. Finally she’d had her man in a suit.