I looked at the door in front of me. It sported three stickers with the names of heavy metal bands I vaguely recognized and a jockstrap hanging rather forlornly from the doorknob. It was, I decided, the low point in my life to be standing at that door. The problem with returning to college at the age of forty is that everywhere I look, I see someone who could be my kid. This is not a good thing. I don’t know when or how forty snuck up on me, but it did. I don’t look forty, but more importantly, I don’t feel forty. It doesn’t matter, though. I’m forty and that means half of the students on campus are young enough to be my children. Okay, maybe even more than half. Being a graduate student only helps a little. True, a lot of people in graduate programs are older – there are even a few who are older than me – but with the new accelerated programs, there are plenty of kids in my classes. Kids who just started drinking legally and who think “I Love the s” is cool because it’s so retro. Truth is, I don’t usually mind being the oldest chick in the room. I get along better with people who are younger than me, but it’s hard to keep up with the slang, never mind the technology, and sometimes I feel my age. It was a computer project that was kicking my ass. I can write a twenty-page paper, no problem, but tell me to do something with computer-based presentation and I’m like a deer in headlights. My son Charlie is always after me to take a class at the local library, but I’m getting my M.A. in English, not engineering, so I figured I could muddle through with the basics of word processing. That was until I got an English professor who wanted us to “think outside the box” and create a multimedia presentation. I got married young, while I was still an undergrad, and had Charlie right away. His dad took off when Charlie was four, so it had always been the two of us and I usually felt pretty young and cool, the ubiquitous single mother doing her thing. Now, facing the complications of computer software, I was definitely feeling my age. Unfortunately, Charlie was several thousand miles away doing a semester abroad in China, leaving me alone to figure things out on my own. My professor, a woman who was probably five years younger than me, had given me the number of her teaching assistant. Matthew Wheaton was apparently not only an excellent English Literature student, he was a whiz with computers. He also sounded like he was twelve years old on the phone, which made me feel like an even bigger idiot. So there I was, nervously knocking on the door of Matthew’s off-campus apartment and vowing to take a computer class over the summer, when someone spoke behind me. “Sorry, I ran out for some stuff and it took longer than I thought.” I jumped and spun, nearly stumbling. I recognized Matthew from around campus, he had the boyish good looks of a college nerd who didn’t realize his charm. He wore battered jeans with rips at the knees and a T-shirt of one of the bands on the door. He smiled crookedly and my heart started hammering in my chest like some adolescent girl with a crush. I pulled myself together and tried to act my age. “Hey,” I said, sounding like a croaking frog. “You’re Andrea, right?” “Oh, right. Sorry.” Sweet young Matthew had me stumbling over myself and we weren’t even in his apartment yet. “Dr Hanover said you’d be able to help me with this presentation.” He manoeuvred past me and opened the door to his apartment, tossing the wayward jockstrap inside. “My roommate’s idea of a joke. Laundry day,” he said, by way of an explanation. “Come on in.” I’d raised a teenage boy, so I was expecting the worst, but Matthew wasn’t so bad. It was a small apartment and, judging by the laundry basket by the door with women’s underwear folded neatly on top, I assumed his roommate was a girl. The place smelled like pizza and pot and the furniture was old and worn, but for the most part it looked sanitary. Matthew went into the kitchen, which was little more than an alcove with the basics, while I stood awkwardly by the door, waiting for him to put away his groceries. Like most college-age guys, his groceries consisted mostly of potato chips, sandwich stuff and beer, with granola bars, a bottle of juice and some fruit thrown in for good measure. He kept glancing up at me and smiling and I fidgeted nervously, contemplating taking an incomplete in the English class just so I could get out of there. Matthew screwed up his shopping bags and shoved them into a paper bag by the refrigerator. When he bent over, I could see the white band of his underwear above his low-slung jeans. “Okay. Now we can get to work.” I looked around the apartment, spotting the television, stereo and gaming system, but not seeing a computer. “Um … where?” Carrying two beers, Matthew headed down the hall. “My room.” I’m glad he wasn’t looking at me, because I was pretty sure my eyes were bugging out of my head. I had no idea what the hell was wrong with me and as I followed Matthew down the short hall, trying not to notice his cute butt, I chastised myself. I was old enough to be his mother, for heaven’s sake! Somehow, whatever mechanism controls the libido wasn’t buying the old lady lecture. I felt young – and horny. I did some mental maths and figured out it had been nine months since I’d got laid, so it was no wonder I was itching to get into Matthew’s bedroom for more than tutoring. But still, this was definitely the wrong place at the wrong time. “Crash anywhere you want and I’ll boot up my computer,” Matthew said, dropping into his desk chair, which happened to be the only chair in the room. I looked around nervously, but there was only one place for me to sit. The bed. The king-sized bed. I perched on the edge, nearly falling off in the process, more than a little conscious of the rumpled sheets beneath me and Matthew’s wide shoulders in front of me. Granted, he was hunched over his computer and not flinging me down on the mattress, but I have a good imagination. Too good, maybe. I fixated on the way his jeans rode down when he leaned forward, revealing the top of his underwear again. Something about that line of white above the faded blue of his jeans made me squirm in my own jeans. It was, quite possibly, the sexiest thing I’d seen in a very long time. “So, where do we need to start?” I was so lost in my fantasy of slowly stripping sweet Matthew and discovering whether his underwear were boxers or briefs that I hadn’t really been listening. “Huh?” He looked at me over his shoulder. “Where do you want me to start?” I could think of a few places, but I refrained from offering those suggestions. “Well, I know how to use a mouse and I know how to turn on the monitor, but beyond word processing, I’m clueless.” Matthew made a little grunting noise and nodded. “Okay. Don’t worry, I’ll get you up to speed.” Over the course of the next two hours and four more beers between us, Matthew was true to his word. I not only knew how to put together a computer-based multimedia presentation, I had a pretty good start on my Frankenstein: Monster or Man project. I also had a pretty good buzz. That’s another thing about getting older: I couldn’t hold my liquor any more. I giggled and didn’t even care that it didn’t sound very adult-like. Matthew gave me a sidelong glance. “Um, you OK?” “Sure? Why?” I giggled again. He smiled. “’Cause you sound a little drunk.” Oops. I’d been caught. I felt warm, but I couldn’t tell if I was blushing or if it was just the beer raising my temperature. “I don’t usually drink that much.” “You only had three beers.” “Exactly,” I said. In truth, I wasn’t drunk. I knew exactly where I was and exactly who I was with. And exactly what I wanted to do with him. To him. “C’mere, Matthew.” He stared at me. I patted the bed. His bed. “C’mon, I’m not drunk and I won’t bite.” I gave him my best ‘come hither’ glance, hoping it wasn’t too dusty from lack of use to be effective. Confusion turned to recognition. One minute Matthew was sitting at his desk and the next minute he was sitting next to me. “Okay, I’m here.” I smiled. Matthew smiled. I’d love to say it was the alcohol buzz that made me lean forward and kiss a man nearly half my age, but it wasn’t. It was lust. His mouth tasted like beer, and mine probably did, too. His lips were warm and firm and however young he was, he definitely knew how to kiss. At some point, Matthew decided I was wearing too many clothes and I felt him unbuttoning my shirt. I moaned when he fondled my tits, my nipples standing at attention and probably wondering what the hell was going on. He got my shirt off easily enough, but I had to help him with the bra. Apparently, he wasn’t used to front clasps. I giggled and fell back on the bed, pulling him down with me. “This is crazy,” he mumbled as he kissed and nibbled his way down my neck and across my collarbone. At least he hadn’t said ‘weird’. “Crazy good or crazy bad?” I whimpered when he latched onto one swollen nipple. “Good,” he said, his mouth full. I was anxious to get things moving past second base, so I nudged his shoulder. “Hey, Matthew?” He looked up, his eyes heavy-lidded with his own growing lust. “What? Did I do something wrong?” Younger men are just so damned adorable. “No, I just wanted to know what kind of underwear you’re wearing.” To accentuate my point, I ran my finger along the elastic of his underwear. He looked at me as if I’d asked him who his long distance provider was. “Huh?” “Boxers? Briefs? Oh, never mind, I’ll find out for myself.” I reached for the waistband of his jeans and got them unfastened. The rasp of the zipper made my clit tingle. “Oh,” I sighed, tugging his jeans down his legs. “Boxer briefs.” Matthew raised his hips so I could get his jeans off and reached for the waistband of his underwear. I put my hands over his. “Wait,” I whispered. “Why?” I spoke to his impressive erection. “Because I like your underwear.” Matthew’s boxer briefs fitted him like a second skin, hugging the bulge of his swollen cock. I licked my lips. I was looking forward to seeing him naked, but I was teasing myself – and him. “You’re driving me crazy,” he whispered, reaching for me. I pulled back. “Wait.” With a few awkward moves, I got my jeans and panties off and stretched out on top of him. “Mmm, that feels nice.” I wiggled on him, feeling the press of his cock between my legs. “C’mon, baby,” he said. “Not yet.” That’s the thing about us older chicks, we know there’s plenty of time to do everything we want to do. No need to rush. “Not just yet.” I kept rubbing against him. The friction of the cotton against my clit was nearly enough to make me come. I knew I was leaving a wet spot on his underwear, but I didn’t care. I kept rubbing. He pressed his hips up to meet my downward movements, anchoring his hands on my hips as I undulated against him. As if sensing my approaching orgasm, he started thrusting against me harder. I whimpered, burying my face in his neck as my orgasm slammed into me. He kept sliding me up and down his crotch as I clung to him. I felt like I’d never stop coming and I ground myself against him, wanting something inside my throbbing cunt. Finally, my orgasm subsided and my breathing returned to normal. “Wow,” I said. “Hell, yeah.” He laughed. I pulled away and leaned over his body, pressing my lips to his cloth-covered cock. His underwear tasted like me. His cock twitched against my mouth and seemed to swell even more, if that was possible. I traced the outline of his arousal with my tongue. Finally, I zeroed in on the head of his cock, sucking the engorged tip between my lips. He laid there, arms at his sides, eyes closed, content to let me have my way with him. I sucked him through his underwear until the cloth of his boxer briefs was soaked through and the white cotton clung to his cock. Slowly, ever so slowly, I dragged his underwear down until his cock popped free. It was so hard and beautiful, I ached to feel it inside me. I hesitated. Reading my mind, he pointed to the table beside the bed. “In the drawer.” I found a box of condoms and fumbled with one until I got it open. I rolled it over the tip of his cock and down the thick shaft. Lying there, with his boxer briefs pushed down to just below his ass, his heavy cock laying against his thigh, Matthew looked at me and said one word. “Please.” I straddled his hips, guiding his thick cock inside me inch by excruciating inch until we were both panting with need. Finally, I slid all the way down on his erection and felt the slightest twinge of discomfort before raising myself up and sliding back down again. Up and down, I rode Matthew’s cock until he couldn’t take any more of my slow movements and quickened my pace with his hands on my hips. “Oh God, fuck me,” he groaned. And I did. I arched my back, reaching behind me to twist my hands in his boxer briefs that had slid down his thighs. He slid his hands inward across my hipbones, his thumbs settling on my swollen clit. With every downward thrust, he rewarded me by rubbing my clit until I was riding him as hard and fast as I needed to come again. “Yeah, that’s it,” he gasped. I started coming as he thrust up into me, a combination of his cock hitting my G-spot just right and his thumbs working their magic on my clit. He threw his head back and moaned, the tendons in his neck bulging with his exertion as I rode his throbbing cock. He tried to hold me still but I kept grinding on him, milking every ounce of sensation from his cock. Finally, I let him pull me down, my body as limp and damp as he was. He stroked my back slowly, soothing me. I kissed the pulse in his neck and sighed. “Thanks. You’re a great tutor.” “You think?” “Oh yeah,” I nodded against his chest. “You can always tell a good teacher by his underwear.” 